MEETING TO
ORDER THE TODAY'S COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES MEETING AND
WITH THAT DENISE I'D LIKE TO GO
AROUND AND DO A ROLL CALL AND
IF YOU COULD WHEN DENISE DOES
CALL YOUR NAME, IF YOU COULD
STATE WHERE YOU'RE ZOOMING IN
FROM TODAY, THAT WOULD BE
GREAT.
THANK YOU.
>> GO AHEAD, DENISE WIPRO FIRST
OF I'LL TELL THIS MEETING WILL
BE BROADCAST LIVE ON CTM CABLE
16 AT CHANNEL NINETY NINE
ONLINE AT EIGHT OF THAT OR
WATCH TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC
COMMENT CALL TOLL FREE EIGHT
SEVEN SEVEN EIGHT FIVE THREE
FIVE TWO FOUR SEVEN OR EIGHT
EIGHT EIGHT SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT
ZERO ZERO NINE NINE
INTERMEETING NINE ONE NINE
EIGHT SIX SEVEN THREE ONE FOUR
FIVE FIVE.
OK COMMISSIONER BUDDEN IS UPSET
COUNCIL MEMBER SHE'S HERE
COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI ONE IS HERE
CHAIR BREMAN YES THANK YOU ZACH
DAMAN CHAIRMAN COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES.
I'M COMING FROM YOU.
I'M COMING TO YOU FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
WASHTENAW COUNTY COMMISSIONER
HAWKINSVILLE HI.
RACHEL HAWKINS HERE.
COMMIS ALSO COMING TO YOU
FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
POLSTER IS NOT HERE.
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE HEY
EVERYBODY.
ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER FROM
INTERMISSION.
COMMISSIONER MOZELIAK.
YES.
HELLO, COMMISSIONER KELLY MUSAC
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN COMMISSIONER SALAMAN
MATHESON AND COMMISSIONER ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN VICE CHAIR
SHEILA THE EXECUTIVE FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN AND WORLDWIDE.
>> THANK YOU.
WE HAVE A QUORUM
.
YOU MUTED THE OF COURSE.
THANK YOU.
I NEED A SHIRT THAT SAYS YOU'RE
MUTED WILL BE FINE.
NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE TO THE
APPROVAL OF TODAY'S MEETING
AGENDA.
IS THERE ANY MOTION TO APPROVE
TODAY'S AGENDA?
I APPROVE IT.
OK, LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE IS
THERE A SECOND I'LL SECOND CALL
KATHLEEN ALL RIGHT.
ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TODAY'S MEETING AGENDA PLEASE
ON MUTE AND SAY I I I THANK
YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
SO MOVING DOWN WE HAVE THE
APPROVAL OF THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM FEBRUARY.
HOPEFULLY EVERYONE HAS HAD AN
OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW THOSE.
I KNOW WE'VE HAD SOME TECHNICAL
DIFFICULTIES WITH SOME OF THE
LINKS BUT IF THERE ARE
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE FEBRUARY
MEETING MINUTES WE CAN BRING
THAT TO THE FOREFRONT NOW OR WE
CAN MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE.
>> I WAS NOT ABLE TO READ THE
MINUTES.
I DID NOT KNOW IF OTHERS WERE
ABLE TO DO THAT.
OK, SO I'M WORKING ON THAT NOW
AND BE MOVED TO TABLE THE OK
YEAH WE CAN I MEAN IF ALL
OF YOU ARE NOT COMFORTABLE
WE'RE NOT COMFORTABLE WITH
APPROVING THE MINUTES DUE TO
NOT HAVING REVIEWED THEM ARE
BEING ABLE TO WE CAN WE CAN
TABLE THAT FOR THE NEXT MEETING
.
IS THERE A MOTION TO TABLE THE
MINUTES FROM FEBRUARY SINCE I'M
NOT
ABLE TO MAKE A MOTION IS
THERE A SECOND TO TABLE THE
MEETING MINUTES FROM FEBRUARY
AT THIS TIME KATHLEEN WAS AT
YOUR HAND.
OK, YOU SECOND.
OK, SO ALL IN FAVOR OF TABLING
THE REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF THE
FEBRUARY MEETING MINUTES TO
NEXT MONTH IF YOU COULD UNMUTED
AND SAY I PLEASE I I I THANK
YOU.
I'M MOVING ON.
WE HAVE OUR PUBLIC COMMENTS
SECTION.
SO IF ANY MEMBER OF THE
COMMUNITY IS CURRENTLY ON WITH
US TODAY AND WOULD LIKE TO MAKE
A PUBLIC COMMENT, WE WOULD LOVE
TO HEAR FROM YOU OR ANY
QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, CONCERNS
THAT YOU HAVE FOR THE
COMMISSION AT THIS TIME.
DENISE, DO WE HAVE ANYONE ON
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT?
>> NO, I DON'T SEE ANY ONE
PRESENTLY.
THANK YOU.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
SO NEXT MOVING ON TO OUR
PRESENTATIONS PORTION
OF TODAY'S MEETING WE HAVE WITH
US AND I'M VERY GRATEFUL THAT
SHE WAS ABLE TO GIVE US HER
TIME TODAY WE HAVE MISS
MICHELLE BENNETT FROM THE
EQUITABLE ENGAGEMENT
INITIATIVE.
SO MICHELLE, THANK YOU FOR
JOINING THE TABLE IS YOURS.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON,
COMMISSIONERS'.
I'M MICHELLE.
I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU A CO-HOST
SO YOU CAN SHOW A PRESENTATION
IF YOU LIKE.
SHOW HER YEAH I DO HAVE ONE
PREPARED SO THAT WOULD BE
HELPFUL ALTHOUGH I THINK I'M
ALREADY ABLE TO LET ME SEE HERE
SO
CAN YOU GUYS SEE THIS?
>> YOU CAN SEE IT THESE SLIDES.
OK, GREAT.
>> OK MY NAME IS MICHELLE
BENNETT.
I'M A COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
SPECIALIST WITH THE CITY IN THE
SYSTEMS PLANNING UNIT AND I'M
HERE THIS AFTERNOON TO TALK TO
YOU ABOUT THE EQUITABLE
ENGAGEMENT INITIATIVE.
I'M GIVING A VERY HIGH LEVEL
OVERVIEW OF WHAT WE'VE DONE
THUS FAR AND ON THE LAST SLIDE
I'LL HAVE THE LINK WHERE YOU
CAN READ THE DRAFT REPORT
THAT'S UP ON THE PROJECT PAGE.
SO THIS PROCESS STARTED ABOUT
EIGHTEEN MONTHS AGO AND THE
PROJECT'S MAIN AIM WAS TO WORK
WITH THE COMMUNITY AND DEFINE
WHAT EQUITY MEANS SO THAT WE
COULD INCORPORATE IT INTO OUR
POLICIES, GUIDELINES AND
PRACTICES AT THE CITY AND TO
HAVE A MORE INCLUSIVE PROCESS
AND IDEALLY MORE EQUITABLE
OUTCOMES.
>> SO BEFORE WE GOT STARTED ON
THE WORKING WITH THE STEERING
COMMITTEE AND WRITING THE
REPORT WE DID SOME PRE WORK.
HERE ARE SOME OF THE KEY
DEMOGRAPHIC DATA POINTS THAT WE
COLLECTED OVER THE LAST COUPLE
OF YEARS.
THIS DEMOGRAPHIC SURVEY IS
ATTACHED.
THESE QUESTIONS ARE ATTACHED TO
MOST OF OUR SURVEYS AND OUR
PUBLIC MEETINGS AND I JUST
PULLED THESE FOR HERE TO SHOW
YOU LARGELY WHAT WE ALREADY
KNEW.
BUT THIS DATA HELPED CONFIRM
THAT MOST OF THE ATTENDEES AT
OUR ENGAGEMENT SESSIONS OR
SURVEY PARTICIPANTS IDENTIFY AS
WHITE.
YOU CAN SEE HERE DOWN AT AGE
THAT THEY'RE GENERALLY THE
EMPTY NESTER OR RETIREE AGE
BRACKET.
THEIR INCOME LEVELS ARE MUCH
HIGHER THAN WHAT'S REPORTED IN
THE CENSUS.
SO YOU CAN SEE THEY ARE
CONCENTRATED HERE UP IN THE
HUNDRED THOUSAND AND GREAT
AND THEN IN TERMS OF HOUSING
TENURE WE HAVE A LOT MORE
HOMEOWNERS RESPONDING
SURVEYS WHEN OUR CITY IS OVER
HALF RENTERS.
SO THIS IS JUST MEANT TO SHOW
YOU THE SORT OF MISMATCH IN
SORT OF THE IMPETUS FOR REALLY
STARTING THIS THIS PROJECT IS
WE KNOW THAT WE NEED DIFFERENT
OUTREACH METHODS, DIFFERENT
ENGAGEMENT TECHNIQUES BECAUSE
WE'RE NOT ACHIEVING A
REPRESENTATIVE.
WE'RE NOT GETTING
REPRESENTATION FROM OUR
ATTENDEES.
>> ANOTHER PART OF THE PRE WORK
WAS EDUCATING OURSELVES ON
CITYWIDE WHAT OUR PRACTICES ARE
AS WELL AS PREMISING PRACTICES
FROM OTHER COMMUNITIES AND THEN
LOOKING INTO SOME OF THE
EQUITABLE RESEARCH THAT'S BEEN
DONE LOCALLY OR AT THE REGIONAL
LEVEL AND WHEN I SAY THAT I
PRIMARILY MEAN WASHTENAW COUNTY
SO I'LL BE ABLE TO SHARE SOME
OF THOSE WITH YOU.
OUR CURRENT PRACTICE IS ONE
THAT I'M WORKING TO UPDATE
RIGHT NOW IS THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT TOOLKIT AND THAT'S A
SERIES OF FIVE STEPS WHERE
PROJECT MANAGERS WILL SIT DOWN
WITH A COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT
SPECIALIST MYSELF AND ONE OTHER
PERSON THAT POSITION VACANT
RIGHT NOW BUT WE ARE HIRING FOR
THAT.
SO THERE ARE TWO OF US HERE AT
THE CITY THAT GO THROUGH A
SERIES OF QUESTIONS TO
DETERMINE WHAT ARE THE BEST
TECHNIQUES FOR OUR PROJECT
OUTCOMES AND WHO ARE THE
STAKEHOLDERS THAT NEED TO BE AT
THESE MEETINGS WITH US ON THE
DEMOGRAPHIC DATA COLLECTION.
I JUST SHARE THOSE RESULTS WITH
YOU.
WE'VE ALSO GONE THROUGH
TRAINING WITH THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION OF PUBLIC
PARTICIPATION.
THERE ARE NONPROFIT WITH A
GLOBAL REACH THAT'S PURELY
DEDICATED TO PUBLIC
PARTICIPATION.
SO RIGHT RIGHT BEFORE A
PANDEMIC THEY CAME IN AND
TRAINED ABOUT 50 STAFF MEMBERS
ON THIS PRACTICES.
WE'VE ALSO WORKED WITH YOUTH IN
THE PAST.
THE THE PANDEMIC PUT A PAUSE ON
THAT.
BUT THAT'S SOMETHING ELSE WE'D
LIKE TO PICK BACK UP BECAUSE IT
TAUGHT THEM A LOT ABOUT THE
CIVIC PROCESSES, WHO THEIR
COUNCIL MEMBERS ARE, HOW TO GET
ENGAGED AND TO START CRITICALLY
THINKING ABOUT HOW ENGAGEMENT
IS DONE AND WHAT KIND
OF RESULTS IT YIELDS.
THERE'S ALSO AN ORDINANCE ON
FILE THAT'S MAINLY USED BY THE
PLANNING DEPARTMENT WHERE
DEVELOPERS HAVE TO ENGAGE THE
COMMUNITY AS A PART OF THEIR
PROCESS.
>> WE ALSO CREATED AN
ENGAGEMENT HUB AND I PUT THAT
IN QUOTES BECAUSE WE ARE THIS
IS ANOTHER THING THAT WE'RE
UPDATING AND THAT IT HASN'T
QUITE FUNCTIONED THE WAY WE'D
LIKE.
YOU CAN TELL THAT BY THE LOW
NUMBER OF VISITORS IT'S NOT
QUITE THE HUB WE WERE HOPING
FOR BUT THIS WAS PUT TOGETHER
RIGHT AS EVERYTHING WAS
TRANSITIONING AT THE PANDEMIC
FROM IN PERSON TO VIRTUAL.
SO WE WANTED TO AT LEAST HAVE A
LANDING PAGE WITH LINKS THAT
CAN TAKE PEOPLE WHERE THEY NEED
TO GO.
>> BUT I'M GOING TO TALK ABOUT
THIS IN MORE DETAIL TOWARDS THE
END.
>> SO WHILE WE WERE DOING OUR
PRE WORK WE WERE ALSO
INVESTIGATING DIFFERENT
ORGANIZATION INS TO REACH OUT
TO LIKE I MENTIONED, WE HAVE
STRONG REPRESENTATION FROM OUR
WHITE WEALTHIER HOMEOWNERS AND
SO WE DID A LOT OF WORK TO
IDENTIFY GROUPS THAT REPRESENT
OTHER DEMOGRAPHIC GROUPS, OTHER
INTERESTS AND THROUGH THAT
PROCESS YOU CAN SEE HERE'S ONE
OF THE FLIERS HERE UP ON THE
SLIDE WE RECEIVED 80
APPLICATIONS AND AND SELECTED
THIRTY STERANKO MEMBERS TO LEAD
THIS PROJECT AND SO ONCE THEY
ARE SELECTED THEY MET EVERY
MONTH FOR A YEAR AND A HALF AND
SOME OF THEIR MAJOR
ACCOMPLISHMENTS HERE WERE
DEFINING EQUITY WHICH I'LL
SHARE WITH YOU WHAT OUR CORE
VALUES ARE AND WHAT OUR
RECOMMENDED ACTIONS ARE FOR
COUNCIL TO IMPROVE OUR OUR
ENGAGEMENT PROCESSES TO BE MORE
EQUITABLE.
SO HERE'S THE DEFINITION
OF EQUITY AND THIS IS A BIG
CONVERSATION IN THIS AREA
OF THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
EQUITY VERSUS EQUALITY.
WHERE IS EQUALITY IS GIVING
EVERYONE THE EXACT SAME EQUITY.
IF YOU CAN SEE FROM THIS
GRAPHIC HERE IS REALLY SHOWING
THAT WE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT
NOT EVERYONE'S EXPERIENCES ARE
THE SAME AND THAT IF WE ARE TO
GIVE THEM TOOLS TO SUCCEED THAT
THOSE MIGHT HAVE TO BE TAILORED
TO DIFFERENT PEOPLE'S NEEDS.
IF YOU GIVE EVERYONE THE SAME
TOOL THEY MIGHT NOT ALL BE ABLE
TO THRIVE.
SO THAT'S THE DIRECTION THAT WE
ARE GOING IN IN THE IN THE
DEFINITION THAT WE'RE GOING TO
USE JUST SO YOU CAN SEE HOW
BUSY THEY WERE OVER THE YEAR
AND A HALF.
THESE ARE SOME OF THE MAJOR
TOPICS THAT THEY DISCUSSED CITY
HIRING WAS WAS A BIG
TOPIC AND THAT'LL BE REFLECTED
IN SOME OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS
I SHARE WITH YOU ALL.
>> BUT IT WAS REALLY A RANGE
OF WHAT THE CITY DOES ALREADY.
WHAT ARE SOME OF THE LARGER
TOPICS TO TACKLE IN TERMS
OF EQUITABLE ENGAGEMENT?
ALL OF THOSE WERE DISCUSSED
WITH SPEAKERS WITH GOING OVER
DIFFERENT TOOLS THAT HAVE BEEN
DEVELOPED AND GETTING THEIR
FEEDBACK ON THEM.
>> SO THESE WERE THE FIVE MAJOR
FOCUS AREAS THAT KEPT COMING UP
AND WE HAD TO KIND OF REIN IT
IN HERE.
IF YOU CAN SEE IN THE PAR
OF THIS FIVE TOED ANIMAL THAT
THE QUESTION HERE IS HOW CAN
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT ESTABLISH
AN EQUITABLE FOOTING ON ALL
OF THESE TOPICS?
SO AS THESE TOPICS CAME UP, WE
HAD TO REMEMBER THAT THIS IS
ALL ATTACHED TO OUR PROCESSES
REALLY AND HOW WE CAN ENGAGE
THE COMMUNITY EQUITABLY ON
THESE TOPICS.
>> SO AT THE END OF THIS
PROCESS TOWARD THE END WE
PROBABLY SPENT A FEW MONTHS
GOING OVER THESE TOGETHER.
HERE ARE SOME OF THEIR
RECOMMENDATIONS AND REALLY THIS
IS THE AREA WHERE I'D LOVE ANY
FEEDBACK OR QUESTIONS THAT YOU
ALL HAVE ABOUT THIS.
WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF GOING
TO SEVERAL DIFFERENT
COMMISSIONS TO SHARE AND GIVE
FEEDBACK WITH THE ULTIMATE GOAL
OF TAKING THIS TO COUNCIL
IDEALLY WITH SOME OF THIS
COMMITTEE MEMBERS SO THEY CAN
GET THAT PRACTICE AND THAT
EXPERIENCE DOING
THAT AND THEN
USING THAT AS A GUIDE TO MAKE
BUDGET REQUESTS TO CHANGE SOME
OF OUR PRACTICES TO WORK WITH
OTHER DEPARTMENTS SO THAT WE'RE
NOT SILOED ON THIS TOPIC.
>> SO THE FIRST RECOMMENDATION
TO DEMONSTRATE IS COMMITTED TO
ADVANCING EQUITY THIS IS REALLY
FIRST OF ALL YOU CAN SEE HERE
THIS IS REALLY KIND OF BASED ON
HIRING PRACTICES AND LEADERSHIP
AND ALSO REALLY HOLDING THE
CITY ACCOUNTABLE.
SO THEIR MAIN COMMENT WAS
BEFORE YOU EVEN GET TO
ENGAGEMENT, WHAT WOULD BE
REALLY HELPFUL IS IF YOU HAD
STAFF THAT REFLECTED THE
COMMUNITY AND THAT COULD SERVE
US AND ACTUALLY ATTRACT US TO
THESE EVENTS.
SO SOME PEOPLE JUST MIGHT NOT
FEEL COMFORTABLE COMING TO
THESE ENGAGEMENT EVENTS BECAUSE
THEY'RE NOT RUN BY PEOPLE THAT
THEY TRUST OR FEEL COMFORTABLE
WITH.
>> SO YOU CAN SEE THE FIRST
THREE THEY'RE KIND OF GEARED
TOWARDS DIVERSIFYING OUR STAFF
AND MAKING SURE THAT THEY HAVE
PATHWAYS TO LEADERSHIP IN THE
FOURTH ONE THERE YOU CAN SEE
THEY REALLY WANT CITY COUNCIL
TO BE INVOLVED.
THEY WANT TO SEE THINGS ADOPTED
AND ENFORCED AS POLICIES THAT
THIS EXERCISE DOES NOT LIP
SERVICE AND BEING AUTHENTIC
THERE SONS BROAD BUT HAVING
BEEN IN THOSE MEETINGS, WHAT
THEY'RE REALLY PART OF WHAT
THEY'RE GETTING AT IS HOW YOU
FRAME THE CONVERSATION TO BE
VERY HONEST AND STRAIGHTFORWARD
FROM THE BEGINNING TO NOT USE
JARGON TO LET THEM KNOW WHAT
INFLUENCE THEY HAVE AND WHAT
THE PROCESS IS AND THROUGH THAT
YOU CAN HELP BUILD TRUST AND
TRANSPARENCY THROUGH THROUGH
YOUR SESSIONS.
>> THE SECOND SET
OF RECOMMENDATIONS ARE MORE
ABOUT OUTREACH YOU CAN SEE HERE
PROVIDING BOTH AMPLE AND
TARGETED INVITATIONS TO
ENGAGEMENT OPPORTUNITIES.
SO THERE WAS A PUSH HERE FROM
THE COMMITTEE MEMBERS TO NOT
ONLY USE DIGITAL MEANS SO
DURING COVID WE KIND
OF SWITCHED EXCLUSIVELY TO THAT
AND THEY'RE SAYING YOU NEED TO
GET BACK TO BEING ON THE GROUND
MORE GETTING OUT AND FIRING SO
YOU CAN TALK TO PEOPLE LIKE
CREATING A MUCH MORE KIND
OF INFORMAL NETWORK AS WELL
OF WHEN YOU'RE HANGING UP A
FLIER AND A BUSINESS TALKING TO
THEM, GETTING TO KNOW THEM,
HAVING MORE FACE TO FACE
INTERACTION, ALSO TRANSLATING
OUR MATERIALS FOR NON NATIVE
SPEAKERS AND THEN AGAIN THE
HUB.
SO I WILL I WILL TOUCH ON THAT
AGAIN AT THE END.
BUT THE IDEA IS TO HAVE A
CENTRALIZED PLACE WHERE THEY
CAN GO TO ALL OF THE
OPPORTUNITIES, THE ENGAGEMENT
OPPORTUNITY AT THE MOMENT THOSE
ARE ALL ON PROJECT PAGES THAT
THEY ARE ACCESSIBLE.
BUT YOU WOULD HAVE TO THINK
THROUGH WHAT DEPARTMENTS
SOMETHING W
IT'S NOT SUPER INTUITIVE IF YOU
DON'T WORK FOR THE CITY.
SO WE'RE WORKING ON THAT AND
THE THIRD SET
OF RECOMMENDATIONS HERE ARE
KIND OF GEARED TOWARDS BUDGET
AND TRAINING SO PROVIDING THE
RESOURCES NECESSARY FOR STAFF
TO CONDUCT MEANINGFUL
ENGAGEMENT.
I MEAN YOU CAN SEE HERE THAT
THEY WANTED TO CONTINUE WITH
THE TRAINING PRIMARILY I WOULD
SAY THROUGH THE INTERNATIONAL
ASSOCIATION OF PUBLIC
PARTICIPATION MAKE SURE THAT
YOUR PROJECTS BUDGET TO HAVE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT STAFF
ESPECIALLY AT THE BEGINNING
OF PROJECTS TO REALLY THINK
THROUGH THE OUTREACH PROCESS
CONTINUE TO INVOLVE THE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT FOCUS.
SO MAKING SURE OUR QUESTIONS
ARE UP TO DATE THAT THEY'RE
INCLUDING EQUITY IN THEM AND
HAVING MILESTONES FOR SUCCESS
THAT TAKES STAFF TO BE ABLE TO
SIT AND THINK ABOUT YOUR FUTURE
AND PLAN AHEAD AND HOLD
YOURSELF ACCOUNTABLE IS A
LITTLE BIT HARDER IF THERE'S
ONLY ONE OF YOU OR TWO.
SO THE LAST RECOMMENDATIONS
HERE ARE MAKING EVENTS MORE
ACCESSIBLE AND ATTRACTIVE SO
HOLDING HYBRID MEETINGS WHICH
IS SOMETHING THAT'S MORE EASILY
DONE MAYBE AT A COMMISSION
LEVEL.
BUT IF WE WANT TO DO EXERCISES
WITH PEOPLE WHERE WE'RE GETTING
INPUT WE HAVEN'T YET CRACKED
EXACTLY WHAT FACILITIES COULD
HOST PEOPLE CALLING IN AND
DOING BREAKOUT ROOMS WHILE ALSO
DOING THOSE ACTIVITIES IN
PERSON.
SO THAT'S SOMETHING THAT WE
STILL NEED TO FIGURE OUT
DESIGNING OUR MEETINGS SO THAT
WE DON'T HAVE A DOMINANT
NARRATIVE SO SO GRANDSTANDING
FOR EXAMPLE, SETTING UP
MEETINGS TO MITIGATE THAT AND
MAKE SURE PEOPLE THAT FEEL LESS
COMFORTABLE BEING VOCAL IN
THOSE SITUATIONS CAN SPEAK UP
AND IF REQUIRED YOU CAN SEE
HERE NUMBER FOR HIRE TRAINED
MEETING FACILITATORS AND
MODERATORS DEPENDING ON HOW
SENSITIVE THE TOPIC IS AND IF
WE'RE NOT WELL TRAINED IN THAT
TOPIC GETTING OUTSIDE HELP
WHICH GOES BACK TO A BUDGETING
RIGHT IS THINKING FAR ENOUGH
AHEAD OF TIME.
AND THEN THE FIFTH ONE HERE IS
SOMETHING IT HOPE COULD BE
INTEGRATED INTO THE HUB OR INTO
OUR PRACTICES AT THE BEGINNING
OF EVERY PROJECT LETTING THEM
KNOW WHAT IS THE DECISION
THAT'S BEING MADE, WHAT'S THE
DECISION MAKING PROCESS?
WHO MAKES THE DECISION AND WHAT
LEVEL OF INFLUENCE DO WE HAVE
THAT WILL BE A MORE ATTRACTIVE
STRUCTURE FOR A MEETING BECAUSE
A LOT OF THE COMPLAINTS WE GOT
AS PEOPLE SAY WHY WOULD I COME
IF I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE
OUTCOME IS GOING TO BE?
>> IS THAT WORTH MY TIME?
SO WE HAVE TAKEN ALL OF THOSE
INTO ACCOUNT.
THOSE ARE ALL IN THE DRAFT
REPORT.
SO IF YOU'D LIKE TO READ MORE
ABOUT THEM AGAIN, I'LL SHARE
THE LINK WITH YOU AT THE END.
BUT THIS IS A PRETTY HIGH LEVEL
OVERVIEW SO IN RESEARCHING THE
PROMISING PRACTICES OF OTHER
COMMUNITIES, WE FOUND THAT
ENGAGEMENT HUBS I WON'T SAY ARE
VERY COMMON BUT IT'S NOT
UNCOMMON TO SEE THEM ESPECIALLY
FOR A COMMUNITY OF OUR SIZE OR
BIGGER.
AND SO WE HAVE LOOKED INTO
THAT.
I'M HAPPY TO TOUCH ON ANY
OF THESE OTHER ONES AS WELL
DURING QUESTIONS IF YOU LIKE.
BUT I ALSO WANT TO I DON'T WANT
TO BE RESPECTFUL OF THE TIME
HERE BUT WE CAN ALWAYS GO BACK
TO THIS PAGE IF YOU ALL HAVE
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS.
BUT THE HUB EXAMPLE I WANT TO
SHOW WAS FROM THE CITY
OF PITTSBURGH.
YOU CAN SEE HERE ALL OF THE
PROJECTS ARE CONSOLIDATED ONTO
ONE PAGE AND AT THE TOP IT'S
REALLY NICE IS THAT YOU CAN
CUSTOMIZE WHAT YOU SEE ON THE
PAGE BASED ON YOUR INTERESTS.
SO IF YOU WANTED TO SAY I WANT
TO SEE EVERYTHING ABOUT BICYCLE
INFRASTRUCTURE OR NEW HOUSING
DEVELOPMENT, YOU CAN ALSO
SELECT BY GEOGRAPHY.
SO MAYBE YOU JUST WANT TO KNOW
ABOUT ANYTHING THAT'S HAPPENING
WITHIN A QUARTER OF A MILE FROM
YOUR HOME AND THEN THAT WOULD
CUSTOMIZE THIS PAGE TO YOUR
INTERESTS OR GEOGRAPHY.
YOU COULD ALSO THEN CLICK ON
THIS PROJECT CARD AND IT WOULD
HAVE LAID OUT WHAT THE TIMELINE
IS, WHO TO CONTACT, PROJECT
DETAILS IF THERE WERE A SURVEY
THE LINK WOULD BE THERE MEETING
RECORDINGS AND NOTES, GRAPHICS
THAT YOU NEED TO SEE A LOT
OF THIS WE DO ALREADY DO.
BUT AS I MENTIONED IT'S
SCATTERED SO THIS IS KIND
OF PUTTING IT ON ONE PLATFORM
AND HAVING A LITTLE BIT MORE
CUSTOMIZATION AVAILABLE FOR
DIFFERENT USERS.
>> SO THAT WRAPS UP MY
PRESENTATION.
BUT LIKE I MENTIONED AT THE END
HERE, IF YOU WANT TO GO TO THIS
WEBSITE, THAT'S WHERE THE DRAFT
REPORT IS.
THERE'S ALSO A LOT MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROJECT
AND THEN IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS THAT WE
DON'T GET TO TONIGHT, YOU CAN
WRITE AN EMAIL TO THE EMAIL
ADDRESS THAT GOES DIRECTLY TO
ME SO SO I WILL BE CHECKING
THAT.
SO I'M HAPPY TO OPEN IT UP NOW
TO ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS,
ANY FEEDBACK THAT YOU HAVE.
>> I'M HAPPY TO TO HEAR.
YEAH.
MICHELLE, FIRST OF ALL, JUST
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL THE
WORK THAT YOU'RE DOING.
I THINK IT'S IT'S WONDERFUL.
IF YOU DON'T MIND, COULD YOU
PUT THAT TO EQUITABLE
ENGAGEMENT ADDED TO THAT OR
COULD YOU PUT THAT IN THE CHAT
FOR EVERYONE PLEASE?
THANK YOU.
BUT I THINK IT'S REALLY AMAZING
THE WORK THAT YOU'RE DOING.
I THINK IN MY OPINION YOU'RE
RIGHT ON IN TERMS OF BEING THE
BOOTS ON THE GROUND, YOU KNOW,
BEING PRESENT, BEING IN THE
COMMUNITY AND THAT'S THAT'S
VERY ENCOURAGING TO HEAR.
BUT I WANTED TO OPEN IT UP TO
THE COMMISSIONERS FOR
QUESTIONS.
DENISE, IF YOU SEE ANY HANDS
RAISED OR THOSE THAT HAVE
QUESTIONS, I'D LIKE TO OPEN IT
UP PBE TWO.
I WOULD SAY THREE.
AND THEN IF THERE ARE ANY
ADDITIONAL QUESTIONS HOPEFULLY
MICHELLE, WE CAN REACH OUT TO
YOU THROUGH THAT EMAIL IF THERE
ARE ADDITIONAL OH, I'M SORRY.
>> GO AHEAD.
CAN I JUST SAY ONE THING IS I
DON'T HAVE A CHAT FEATURE AND
BECAUSE I'M A PANEL OR CO-HOST
I CAN'T PUT IT IN THE QUESTION
ANSWER BOX SO I DON'T I DON'T
KNOW IF A WAY TO SHARE THIS
WITH YOU RIGHT NOW EXCEPT FOR
ON THIS SLIDE IN SHOW ME.
YEAH OK OK YOU SEND TO THEM OK
THANKS.
>> THANK YOU MICHELLE.
>> ALL RIGHT SO ARE THERE ANY
QUESTIONS DENISE COMMISSIONER
MOZELIAK HAS HER HAD A HI.
SO IT'S REALLY KIND OF LIKE A
CHICKEN AND EGG SITUATION ISN'T
IT MICHELLE IN TERMS OF THE
PEOPLE THAT WE WANT TO HEAR
FROM MOST ARE DISENFRANCHIZED I
THINK YOU USE THE WORD
MINORITIES INDIVIDUALS ARE THE
ONES THAT WE'RE HAVING THE
HARDEST TIME ENGAGING WITH AND
YET YOU'RE THE VOICE THAT NEEDS
TO BE HEARD THE MOST.
AND I'M WONDERING YOU SORT
OF TOUCHED ON THAT A LITTLE BIT
BUT THIS IS SOMETHING I'M VERY
PASSIONATE ABOUT AND REALLY
WANT TO HELP.
BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW I MEAN IS
THERE A WAY THAT THE COMMISSION
WITH DISABILITY ISSUES CAN BE
HELPFUL?
ARE YOU LOOKING AT DIFFERENT
PLATFORMS?
YOU KNOW, NOT EVERYBODY HAS A
CELL
PHONE.
NOT EVERYBODY IF THEY HAVE A
CELL PHONE, NOT EVERYBODY HAS A
SMARTPHONE.
NOT EVERYBODY HAS ACCESS TO THE
INTERNET.
WE REALLY SAW THAT AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE PANDEMIC ABOUT
HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE JUST BEING
LEFT BEHIND, THE VERY PEOPLE WE
WANT TO REACH SO YEAH, BEING
THAT CHICKEN AND EGG KIND
OF THING, HOW ARE WE SORT
OF REALLY GET OUR HANDS IN
THERE AND DO THIS?
>> HAVE WE LOOKED AT OTHER
COMMUNITIES WHO HAVE MAYBE BEEN
MORE SUCCESSFUL WITH THIS?
>> YEAH, THOSE ARE GOOD
QUESTIONS WE HAVE DONE SOME
RESEARCH YOU'LL SEE IN THE
REPORT THAT WE DID LOOK AT WHAT
OTHER COMMUNITIES ARE DOING
THAT'S THAT'S SUMMARIZED IN THE
REPORT.
I WILL SAY WHAT COMMISSION DO?
ONE THING WE'VE BEEN HEARING
FROM COMMISSIONS IS THAT IT'S
TO BE HARD TO FILL VACANCIES
WHEN TERMS ARE UP AND SO A LOT
OF PEOPLE RELY ON THEIR
PERSONAL NETWORK.
BUT DEPENDING ON THE MAKEUP
OF YOUR GROUP, RELYING ON YOUR
PERSONAL NETWORK MAY JUST KIND
OF PERPETUATE THIS TREND
OF HAVING NOT HAVING PROPER
REPRESENTATION ON DIFFERENT
COMMISSIONS.
SO MAYBE LOOKING AT YOUR WHAT
IS YOUR OUTREACH METHOD FOR
WHEN YOU ARE LOOKING FOR NEW
COMMISSIONERS IS ONE PLACE TO
START?
YOU KNOW, AND THAT'S GOING TO
BE A BIG QUESTION FOR US TO
TACKLE BECAUSE WHO'S IN CHARGE
OF THAT?
RIGHT.
LIKE I HELPED WITH THIS REPORT
AND I WANT TO MOVE AS MANY
OF THESE THINGS FORWARD AS
POSSIBLE BUT THERE'S NOT LIKE
ONE PERSON TO OVERSEE ALL THE
COMMISSIONS WHO'S KEEPING TRACK
OF THE DEMOGRAPHIC MAKEUP
OF ALL OF THEM.
SO IT MIGHT END UP BEING, YOU
KNOW, EACH COMMISSION ON THEIR
OWN TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW DO
WE HOW DO WE DIVERSIFY OUR
COMMISSION?
SO SO THAT'S ONE POSSIBILITY.
I WOULD ALSO SAY THAT, YOU
KNOW, YOU'RE HEAVILY INVOLVED
IN THIS LIKE DISABILITY ISSUES
.
>> SO IF YOU HAD ANY FEEDBACK
FOR US IN THAT AREA TO SEND
OVER, THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
WE DID HAVE REPRESENTATION ON
THE STEERING COMMITTEE BUT IN
FULL TRANSPARENCY I STARTED IN
THE SUMMER AT THE CITY SO THE
PROJECT IS, YOU KNOW, MORE THAN
HALFWAY DONE THERE AND BY THEN
THE THE PERSON WHO WAS
REPRESENTING LIKE DISABILITY
ISSUES WAS I THINK NO LONGER
ATTENDING WITH GREAT FREQUENCY.
SO I THINK THERE IS SPACE FOR
FOR MORE FEEDBACK FROM THIS
GROUP AND ON THAT AREA IN
PARTICULAR, YOU KNOW, SO LIKE
WHEN IT COMES TO WEBSITE DESIGN
OR I DON'T KNOW ANY ANY THINGS
THAT YOU GUYS HEAR ON THE
GROUND WOULD BE WOULD BE
HELPFUL FOR PORT.
THANK YOU.
VERY INFORMATIVE.
>> ANY ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FROM
COMMISSIONERS' AT THIS TIME I
DON'T SEE ANY OTHER HANDS
EXCUSE ME ZACH.
I JUST WANTED TO INFORM THE
COMMISSIONERS THAT REGISTAR IS
NOT WORKING AT THE PRESENT
TIME.
THAT'S WHY THEY'RE UNABLE TO
OPEN THE LINKS ON THEIR AGENDA.
BUT I'M GOING TO SEND THEM THE
MINUTES INDIVIDUALLY OR JUST AS
A GROUP OF A I SEE A HANDHOLD
ON ONE SIDE AND I'LL DO THAT
SHORTLY.
I'M HERE AND SHE HAS ALL RIGHT,
DEBBIE
OK.
IS SHE ON MUTE?
>> OK, COULD YOU JOIN ME,
DEBBIE?
I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANK YOU
FOR COMING MICHELLE VERY
INFORMATIVE.
>> OH THANK YOU.
I'M HAPPY TO BE HERE.
YOU KNOW, ONE MORE QUESTION IS
IT ONGOING?
IS IT CONTINUAL CONTINUOUS YEAH
.
THAT'S A REALLY GOOD QUESTION.
SO CURRENTLY MOST OF OUR
ENGAGEMENT IS PROJECT BASED
INCLUDING THIS THIS WAS A BIG
PROJECT AND WE DON'T REALLY
WANT IT TO END BECAUSE THE
STEERING COMMITTEE HAS BEEN SO
GREAT TO WORK WITH AND SO
ENTHUSIASTIC THAT WE ARE
LOOKING FOR WAYS TO EXTEND THIS
PROBABLY NOT EXACTLY IN THIS
FORM BUT ONE OF OUR PROMISING
PRACTICES WAS COMMUNITY
LIAISONS SO THAT MIGHT BE A
FORMAT WHERE WE COULD WORK WITH
THEM, YOU KNOW, FIND A WAY TO
COMPENSATE THEM FOR THEIR TIME
FOR GOING OUT INTO SOME
OF THESE COMMUNITIES THAT FEEL
NEGLECTED OR DON'T WANT TO
ENGAGE WITH US TO HAVE
COMMUNITY LIAISONS IDEALLY FROM
THE THE COMMITTEE WORK WITH
THEM AND RELAY INFORMATION BACK
TO US AND WE COULD REALLY WORK
ON STAKEHOLDER BUILDING THAT
WAY.
BUT WE ARE WE ARE IN THE
PROCESS OF THINKING OF HOW TO
TURN THIS COMMITTEE OVER INTO
SOMETHING ELSE TO KEEP AT LEAST
THESE THOUGHTS GOING, YOU KNOW,
AND MOTIVATING US TO BE
ACCOUNTABLE AND KEEP WORKING ON
IT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> WELL, MICHEL, THIS IS ZACH.
I JUST WANT TO SAY I THINK YOUR
POINT ON WEBSITE ACCESSIBILITY
IS EXTREMELY PARAMOUNT AS WELL
AS WE CONTINUE TO NAVIGATE THE
DIGITAL LANDSCAPE AND AS YOU
KNOW, THE CITY CONTINUES TO
IMPROVE AND ALSO KIND OF REWORK
THEIR WEB PROCESSES AND THINGS.
SO ABSOLUTELY I HOPE I DON'T
WANT TO SPEAK FOR THE FULL
COMMISSION BUT I HOPE AS YOU
CONTINUE AND AS YOU WORK ON
THIS PROCESS THAT YOU CAN KEEP
IN TOUCH WITH US AND IF THERE
ARE THINGS THAT YOU BELIEVE WE
AS THE COMMISSION CAN GIVE
DIRECT FEEDBACK ON AND OR YOUR
COMMITTEES THAT WE'RE ABLE TO
DO SO THAT WOULD BE GREAT AND I
WOULD LIKE TO SHARE THAT RIGHT
NOW THE CITY IS IN THE PROCESS
OF UPDATING ITS WEBSITE AND I
THINK ONCE THEY HAVE THAT THEY
ARE GOING TO NEED PEOPLE TO
TEST IT OUT.
AND SO I THINK IT WOULD BE
GREAT IF IF YOU ALL COULD BE
ONE OF THOSE GROUPS THAT GOES
THROUGH AND SAYS, YOU KNOW,
THIS ISN'T GOING TO WORK FOR
PEOPLE WITH LOW VISION OR THIS
ISN'T WORK FOR THIS.
I MEAN ADA COMPLIANCE IS A PART
OF THE CONTRACT BUT I THINK
THAT IT COULD STILL BE HELPFUL
FOR YOUR FEEDBACK IN THAT
SITUATION.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
>> ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR
MICHELLE AT THIS TIME?
>> OK, WELL MICHELLE, THANK YOU
AGAIN TO YOU AND EVERYONE
WORKING WITH YOU ON EQUITABLE
AND EQUITABLE ENGAGEMENT IN
YOUR INITIATIVE.
>> AND AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR
YOUR TIME TODAY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> HAVE A GOOD EVENING.
THANKS, MICHELLE.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON TO OUR NEXT
PRESENTATION TODAY WE HAVE THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND PHYSICALLY DISABLED AND
MISS KATIE UNKOVIC.
>> KATIE, WELCOME.
HELLO EVERYBODY.
JUST GOT A COUPLE OF THINGS TO
TELL YOU ALL ABOUT TODAY.
WE HAVE A COUPLE OF EVENTS
COMING UP AT THE LIBRARY.
WE HAVE OUR HISTORY IN THE
AFTERNOON.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT CLAUDE
MONET.
THOSE WILL BE ON TUESDAY, MARCH
TWENTY FIRST FROM THREE TO FOUR
P.M. AT THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN
THE FOURTH FLOOR MEETING ROOM
YOU CAN COME LEARN ABOUT CLAUDE
MONET, THE MOST BELOVED AND
WELL KNOWN IMPRESSIONIST OF ALL
TIME FROM RETIRED TO ARTS
HUMANITIES TEACHER KATHY
GUNDERSON, KATHY WILL USE
VISUALS TO GUIDE YOU THROUGH
MONET'S WORKS STYLE AND A
SIGNIFIER IN HISTORY.
WE ALSO HAVE GAME NIGHT COMING
UP ON THURSDAY MARCH TWENTY
THIRD FROM FIVE THIRTY TO SEVEN
THIRTY AT OUR PITTSVILLE BRANCH
IN THE PROGRAM ROOM.
THIS EVENT IS FOR GRADES THREE
TWO ADULTS AND IT'S JUST A BIG
GAME AT THE LIBRARY.
COME PLAY GAMES WITH OLD
FRIENDS AND NEW A RELAXING FEW
HOURS WITH SOME OF THE BEST
CARD AND BOARD GAMES OUT THERE
AND THEN WE ALSO HAVE HELLO MY
NAME IS OUR NAME CHANGE CLINIC
.
THIS WILL BE FRIDAY, MARCH
TWENTY FOURTH FROM FOUR THREE
TO SIX THIRTY PM AT THE
DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN THE FOURTH
FLOOR MEETING ROOM JOIN THE GYM
TO A COMMUNITY CENTER OUTREACH
AND THE OUTLAW'S AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN FOR A
FREE CLINIC DEDICATED TO
ADDRESSING THE CHALLENGES
OF NAME CHANGES FOR TRANSGENDER
AND GENDER NONCONFORMING PEOPLE
.
THEY WILL PROVIDE DETAILS ON
HOW TO LEGALLY CHANGE YOUR NAME
AND GENDER MARKER IN THE STATE
OF MICHIGAN.
INFORMATION ON HOW TO UPDATE
YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY PASSPORT,
DRIVER'S LICENSE AND BIRTH
CERTIFICATE WILL ALSO BE
AVAILABLE.
LEGAL VOLUNTEERS WILL BE ON
SITE AFTER THE PRESENTATION TO
ANSWER QUESTIONS AND ASSIST
WITH FORMS FINGERPRINTING
SERVICES WILL ALSO BE AVAILABLE
H NO FEE.
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THIS
FINGERPRINTING SERVICES, PLEASE
BRING A GOVERNMENT ISSUED PHOTO
ID RIGHT AND SOME INFORMATION
ON MATERIALS AS USUAL, BPD
PATRONS CAN ORDER DIGITAL
CARTRIDGES BY CALLING SEVEN
FOUR THREE TWO SEVEN FOUR
TWO TWO FOUR OR EMAIL US AT BPD
ADL DOUG CAN CALL US TO SIGN UP
FOR SERVICE OR TO SIGN UP FOR
THE BRAILLE AUDIO READING
DOWNLOAD SERVICE BAADE THROUGH
THAT SERVICE YOU CAN DOWNLOAD
YOUR OWN BOOKS.
YOU CAN VISIT ANNELLS BAABDA
LLC GOV TO LEARN MORE OR CALL
US AND WE CAN HELP AND I WILL
TELL YOU ABOUT A FEW BOOKS THAT
YOU CAN FIND THAT HAVE RECENTLY
BEEN ADDED TO BARD.
WE HAVE ORIGINS 14 BILLION
YEARS OF COSMIC EVOLUTION BY
NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON
.
OUR TRUE ORIGINS ARE NOT ONLY
HUMAN OR EVEN TERRESTRIAL BUT
IN FACT COSMIC DRAWING ON
RECENT SCIENTIFIC BREAKTHROUGHS
AND CROSS POLLINATION AMONG
GEOLOGY, BIOLOGY, ASTROPHYSICS
AND COSMOLOGY ORIGINS
ILLUMINATES THE SOUL STIRRING
LEAPS IN OUR UNDERSTANDING
OF THE COSMOS.
THIS REVISED AND UPDATED
EDITION FEATURES SUCH STARTLING
DISCOVERIES AND THE NOW MORE
THAN FIVE THOUSAND DETECTED
EXOPLANETS THAT PROMISE TO
REVEAL EXCITING POSSIBILITIES
FOR LIFE IN THE COSMOS AND DATA
FROM A NEW GENERATION OF GROUND
BASED AND SPACEBORNE
OBSERVATORIES FUNDAMENTALLY
CHANGE WHAT WE KNOW ABOUT THE
EXPANDING UNIVERSE AND MAYBE
EVEN THE LAWS OF PHYSICS
THEMSELVES AND NUTS ABOUT
SQUIRRELS THE RODENTS THAT
CONQUERED POPULAR CULTURE BY
DON H.
CORGAN SQUIRRELS ARE NOT YOUR
AVERAGE RODENTS.
THEY HAVE BEEN STARS IN THE
MASS MEDIA FOR MANY, MANY
DECADES.
THIS BOOK LOOKS AT HOW THEIR
BEHAVIOR AND UBIQUITY HAS BEEN
HAS GIVEN THEM AN EQUALLY
UBIQUITOUS PRESENCE ACROSS
NEARLY EVERY MEDIA PLATFORM
FROM CHILDREN'S BOOKS COMICS TO
MAJOR MOTION PICTURES, VIDEO
GAMES AND THE DAILY NEWS .
AND FINALLY ONE OF OUR MOST
POPULAR BOOKS FOR GETTING A TON
OF REQUESTS FOR THIS LESSONS IN
CHEMISTRY BY BONNIE GARMISCH IN
THE EARLY 1960S IS CHEMIST
ELIZABETH SMART HAS A LOT
OF CHALLENGES AS THE ONLY WOMAN
ON HER TEAM AT HASTINGS
RESEARCH INSTITUTE, SHE FALLS
FOR COLLEAGUE CALVIN EVANS.
BUT THE DOUBLE STANDARDS OF THE
DAY EVENTUALLY HAVE HER LOOKING
FOR A NEW CHAPTER OUTSIDE
OF ACADEMIA HOSTING A
TELEVISION COOKING SHOW.
THAT'S ALL I'VE GOT FOR YOU
TODAY.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR ME?
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH, MATTHEW.
>> YOU HAVE A QUESTION?
NOT A QUESTION.
JUST I WANTED TO TACK ON A PLUG
FOR THE EXHIBIT THAT CAN BE
SEEN IN THE BASEMENT OF THE
DOWNTOWN LIBRARY.
IT'S ABOUT FILM CULTURE IN ANN
ARBOR.
IT'S TERRIFIC IN CONJUNCTION
WITH THE NEW BOOK BY FRANK ULEY
AND IT'S WONDERFUL EXHIBITS
THIS WEEKEND.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO THE
COMMISSIONERS AND ANYONE ELSE
WHO IS TUNED IN.
>> AGREED MATTHEW, I'LL JUST
ADD A LITTLE BIT TO THE PLUG AS
WELL.
VERY FASCINATING ON ALL
OF THOSE FILM ASSOCIATIONS THAT
WE'RE WE'RE A PART OF ANN ARBOR
AND ARE A PART OF THE FILM
HISTORY IN ANN ARBOR.
SO CONGRATULATIONS TO THE ANN
ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY AND TO
FRANK AND TO THAT EXHIBIT.
YEAH, I AGREE WITH YOU MATTHEW
.
>> AMAZING AND AND EDUCATIONAL
FOR SURE.
THAT'S GREAT.
THANK YOU BOTH SO MUCH FOR
SHARING THAT.
I ACTUALLY HAVEN'T SEEN IT SO I
WILL BE SURE TO GET DOWN THERE
THIS WEEK.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
AND THEN I JUST WANT TO MAKE A
QUICK ANNOUNCEMENT SINCE WE
HAVE YOU ON KATIE.
I KNOW THAT VISIONS TWENTY
TWENTY THREE IS COMING UP AND I
AM SUPER EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE TO
ART TO OUR COMMISSION THAT WE
WILL BE HAVING A TABLE AGAIN
THIS YEAR.
SO I JUST WANT TO ENCOURAGE ALL
OF US TO COME TO VISIONS TO THE
TABLE DURING THE DAY AND GET A
CHANCE TO SUPPORT KATIE'S
SUPPORT FOR A LIBRARY BUT
OF COURSE ALSO SUPPORT ALL
OF THE DISABILITY ORGANIZATION
ACROSS THE STATE THAT WILL BE
THERE.
SO THANK YOU, KATIE, SO MUCH AS
ALWAYS FOR CONSIDERING US FOR A
PART OF VISIONS AND WE'RE VERY
EXCITED.
>> THANKS SO MUCH FOR BRINGING
THAT UP TOO.
IT WAS SO WONDERFUL HAVING YOU
ALL LAST YEAR.
WE'RE SUPER EXCITED TO HAVE YOU
BACK AND YOU ALL SHOULD
PROBABLY BE SEEING SOME SAVE
THE DAY.
IT'S COMING OUT SOON FOR
VISIONS FILTERING THROUGH THE
COMMUNITY BUT JUST YOU KNOW, IT
WILL BE ON WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7TH
FROM ELEVEN TO FOUR AT THE
DOWNTOWN ANN ARBOR DISTRICT
LIBRARY.
AND I'M SURE THAT YOU'RE GOING
TO HEAR ME SAY THAT EVERY TIME
NOW UNTIL THEN.
SO WE'LL TALK MORE ABOUT IT AS
TIME GOES ON.
>> COOL.
THANK YOU ALSO THANK YOU SO
MUCH.
ANYTHING ELSE FOR KATIE?
>> ALL RIGHT.
WELL THANK YOU SO MUCH, KATIE.
WE ALWAYS APPRECIATE EVERYTHING
YOU DO.
THANK OH YOU'RE WELCOME.
>> YOU ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE ANN ARBOR
CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING
PRESENTATION FOR MISS JOYCE
BLAIR.
>> WELCOME JOYCE.
THANK YOU.
GOOD EVENING, COMMISSIONERS.
THE AFTER FORTY SEVEN YEARS
OF BEING KNOWN AS THE ANN ARBOR
CENTER FOR INDEPENDENT LIVING,
I AM HAPPY TO ANNOUNCE THAT THE
CENTER WILL BE NOW BE KNOWN AS
JUSTIFIABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW GLENROE LOVINGSTON.
THE UPDATE WAS MADE FOR A
VARIETY OF REASONS BUT
PRIMARILY BECAUSE PEOPLE
THOUGHT WE WERE A HOUSING
ORGANIZATION.
IT IS NOW THAT OUR NEW NAME IS
NOW ASSOCIATED WITH 14 SCHOOLS
IN MICHIGAN THAT USE THE
MONIKER DISABILITY NETWORK OR A
VARIATION OF IT AND IT ALSO
REFLECTS THE PEOPLE THAT WE
SERVE IN THE COUNTIES
OF WASHTENAW, MONROE AND
LIVINGSTON WE WILL CONTINUE TO
BE DISABILITY LEAD AND
DISABILITY OPERATED.
WE WILL REMAIN A PLACE FOR
PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES ACROSS
OUR COMMUNITY TO GATHER, BUILD,
ADVOCATE AND REACH PERSONAL
GOALS WITH THE COMMON VISION
OF AN INCLUSIVE COMMUNITY THAT
IS ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT AS
OF FEBRUARY TWENTY TWENTY THREE
OUR COMPUTER LAB IS OPEN TO THE
PUBLIC BY APPOINTMENT AND ARE
ACCESSIBLE AND ADAPTABLE.
JIM IS OPEN TO THE PUBLIC BY
APPOINTMENT AND OUR UPCOMING
EVENTS WE HAVE A TECHNOLOGY
ASSISTANCE SESSION HAPPENING ON
FRIDAY MARCH TWENTY FOURTH FROM
TWELVE O'CLOCK TO THREE O'CLOCK
PM FOR PEOPLE THAT NEED
ASSISTANCE WITH TASKS LIKE
SENDING EMAILS OR UNDERSTANDING
HOW TO USE THEM OR FINDING
THINGS ONLINE AND ASSISTIVE
TECHNOLOGY SPECIALISTS WILL BE
THERE TO HELP AND GUIDE PEOPLE
AND ALSO CYBER SECURITY BASIC
TRAINING WITH ONSITE TECH
EDUCATOR WILL BE AVAILABLE.
PLEASE CONTACT ELLIOTT AT
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
MONROE LIVINGSTON AND THE NEW
MONIKER IS D AND W.M. ELSHAUG
FOR MORE INFORMATION.
ALL OF THE EVENTS THAT I'M
GOING TO ANNOUNCE CAN BE
ACCESSED BY CALLING OUR CENTER
AT SEVEN THREE FOUR NINE SEVEN
ONE ZERO TWO SEVEN SEVEN THE
NEXT EVENT I'D LIKE TO ANNOUNCE
IS AN OPEN HOUSE IN MONROE,
MICHIGAN AND EVERYONE IS
INVITED TO ATTEND THAT WILL BE
ON APRIL TWENTY FIFTH AT TWENTY
TWENTY THREE TO SEE OUR OTHER
PHYSICAL OFFICE IN MONROE.
THAT EVENT WILL HAPPEN FROM TEN
THIRTY TO ONE THIRTY PM AND THE
ADDRESS IS ON DIXIE HIGHWAY FOR
MORE INFORMATION PLEASE SEE OUR
WEBSITE ALSO UPCOMING THE THIRD
ANNUAL NOTHING ABOUT US WITHOUT
US FILM FESTIVAL APRIL 18TH
THROUGH THE TWENTIETH TWENTY
TWENTY THREE.
THIS THREE DAY EVENT WILL TAKE
PLACE ENTIRELY ON ZOOME.
WE WILL WATCH A SELECTION
OF FILMS RELATED TO DISABILITY
INCLUSION AND INDEPENDENT
LIVING AND THEN DISCUSS WHAT WE
WATCHED TOGETHER.
ALL FILMS PRESENTED FEATURE A
DISABILITY THEME AND REFLECT
THE VALUES OF THE INDEPENDENT
LIVING MOVEMENT.
THE FESTIVAL WILL CONCLUDE
THURSDAY AFTERNOON WITH A
CONVERSATION ON DISABILITY
ADVOCACY ALL EVENTS ARE FREE
AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC TO
SCHEDULE AND REGISTER.
YOU WILL CLICK ON THE LINK THAT
IS ON OUR WEBSITE THE THEATER
PROGRAM DIALOG SESSIONS AS WE
MOVE INTO MARCH THE RECREATION
TEAM HAS ADDED THEATER TO OUR
OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECREATION.
IF YOU CAN'T MAKE IT IN PERSON
THERE'S NO PROBLEM OF VIRTUAL
OPPORTUNITY IS THERE AS WELL ON
MARCH TWENTY FOURTH AT NOON
LET'S SEE YOU CAN REGISTER FOR
THOSE EVENTS AGAIN.
THE NEXT ONE IS UPCOMING FROM
TWELVE TO ONE O'CLOCK PM THE
NEXT EVENT IS AURIOL CLUB OR
YOUR CLUB HAPPENS NEXT ON MARCH
TWENTY FOUR THREE O'CLOCK TO
FOUR O'CLOCK PM TO TO JOIN THE
GROUP AND IT IS A WAY TO GET
TOGETHER TO EXPLORE EACH
MONTH'S FLAVOR AND CONNECT WITH
OTHER PEOPLE.
ENGAGE IN GREAT DISCUSSIONS.
THEY TALK ABOUT COOKIES AND
LIFE AND CREATE ORIENTED OREO
THEMED ARTWORK AND CALAVERA ON
A CUSTOMIZED ORANGE ORIO ORDER
TO SHARE OREO COOKIES WILL BE
PROVIDED FOR PICKUP AT THE
WASHTENAW OFFICE AGAIN THAT'S
MARCH TWENTY FOUR THREE O'CLOCK
TO FOUR O'CLOCK PM CONTACT
CLARE AT DENHA W.M. DOG WE HAVE
AN ONGOING SPIRIT INCLUSIVE
FITNESS CLUB THAT MEETS
VIRTUALLY ON MONDAYS AND
WEDNESDAYS FROM FOUR O'CLOCK TO
FIVE O'CLOCK PM SOME UPCOMING
SESSIONS ARE MEDITATION AND SIT
AND HIT ZUMBA YOGA BALANCE
FITNESS SAMMS WORKOUT JAMZ IF
YOU'RE INTERESTED PLEASE
CONTACT MARK AT D END W M
ELSHAUG TRIVIA TUESDAYS DO YOU
HAVE DO YOU JUST HAVE TO KNOW
OR DO YOU ALREADY HAVE THE
ANSWERS.
FIND OUT BY JOINING US ONLINE
FOR TUESDAY TRIVIA AND
INTRODUCING THE TWENTY TWENTY
THREE GAMES OUR CLUB WILL BE
ADDING TO THE LAUGHTER AND
LEARNING BY ADDING NEW
ACTIVITIES OF OUR TIME TOGETHER
THERE
WILL BE NEW THEMES EVERY
WEEK STARTING JANUARY 10TH SO
BE SURE TO FOLLOW OUR FAITH.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK, JOIN AS
A TEAM OR PLAY ON YOUR OWN.
THESE EVENTS HAPPEN TUESDAY
FOUR O'CLOCK TO FIVE O'CLOCK PM
TO REGISTER CONTACT ROBIN OR
EMAIL ROBIN AT D AND W M ALG
NEXT I'D LIKE TO ANNOUNCE MOVIE
CLUB ALL AGES ABILITIES WEEKLY
ON THURSDAYS FROM 4:00 TO 5:00
P.M. AND TO REGISTER FOR THE
MOVIE CLUB CONTACT ANNA AT D
AND W M ALG OUR PROGRAMING
VIRTUAL ART AND IN PERSON
SESSIONS ARE HAPPENING ONGOING
BCR CALENDAR FOR MORE
INFORMATION IN PERSON ART
SESSIONS ARE MONDAYS ONE THIRTY
TO THREE THIRTY PM AT WASHTENAW
OFFICE AND SEE IN THE VIRTUAL
ART CLASSES WEEKLY THURSDAYS
FROM ONE THIRTY TO THREE
O'CLOCK P. M..
I HAVE SOME OTHER EXCITING
NEWS THAT THE DISABILITY
NETWORK IS NOW PART OF THE
AMERICAN DREAM EMPLOYMENT
NETWORK AND THE AIDIN IS CALLED
IT'S A NATIONAL ADMINISTRATIVE
EMPLOYMENT NETWORK PROVIDING
SERVICES TO INDIVIDUALS THAT
ARE RECEIVING SOCIAL SECURITY
ADMINISTRATION DISABILITY
BENEFITS UNDER THE TICKET TO
WORK PROGRAM FOR INDIVIDUALS
THAT ARE RECEIVING THOSE
BENEFITS WE WANT TO INVITE ALL
OUR CURRENT CLIENTS OR
CUSTOMERS WHO ARE RECEIVING
THOSE BENEFITS TO EXPLORE TO
LET US HELP YOU FIND WORK
THROUGH THE TICKET TO WORK
PROGRAM.
TALK TO YOU ABOUT WORK
INCENTIVES AND WORK SKILLS.
THERE IS A SAFE CONNECTION
GROUP THAT MEETS WEEKLY ON
WEDNESDAYS SIX O'CLOCK TO 8:00
P.M. AND THEN THERE'S THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY ACTION LAB
THAT MET TODAY BUT MEETS THE
THIRD WEDNESDAY OF THE MONTH
TWELVE O'CLOCK TO ONE THIRTY PM
TO EDUCATE CONSUMERS ON
RELEVANT ADVOCACY ISSUES AND
PROVIDE THE EXPERTIZE AND
RESOURCES TO SUPPORT THEM IN
PURSUING THEIR ADVOCACY GOALS.
AGES 16 PLUS AND ALL ABILITIES
ARE WELCOME.
INTEREST IN ADVOCACY IS
REQUIRED AND EXPERIENCE AND
ADVOCACY IS NOT REQUIRED
OF BLINDNESS AND LOW VISION
SUPPORT GROUP MEETS THE FIRST
WEDNESDAY OF THE MONTH TWELVE
O'CLOCK TO ONE O'CLOCK PM.
FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE
CONTACT RENE AT DENHA.
W.M. ALG AND LASTLY THE CURRENT
CONNECTION FOR FOUR PARENTS
THAT HAVE DISABILITIES AND ARE
RAISING CHILDREN.
THEY SHARE STORIES, STRATEGIES
AND RESOURCES FOR BETTER LIVING
AND FURTHER WE GROW IN OUR
PRIDE AND IDENTITIES AS
DISABLED PEOPLE WHILE
NAVIGATING LIFE AS PARENTS AND
CAREGIVERS THAT GROUP MEETS
EVERY OTHER THURSDAY 7:00 TO
8:00 P.M. AND YOU CAN CONTACT
CELESTE AT JUST D AND W M DOT
ORG AND FINALLY I WOULD LIKE TO
TELL YOU ABOUT OUR OWN CLOSET
IF ANYONE IS IN NEED OF SUCH
THINGS AS A CANE OR A WALKER
AND THEY ARE NOT ABLE TO AFFORD
IT OR THEY JUST CAN'T NAVIGATE
HEALTH CARE, THEY'RE WELCOME TO
CALL THE CENTER AND GET MORE
INFORMATION.
WE DO HAVE A LITTLE CLOSET
SOMETIMES PEOPLE DROP OFF
DONATED ITEMS AND THAT
CONCLUDES THE EVENTS FOR
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
GLENROWAN LOVINGSTON.
>> ANYONE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
A LOT OF A LOT OF GREAT THINGS
THERE.
JOYCE, THANK YOU SO MUCH
KATHLEEN GANDA I DO SO JOYCE
PANDEMIC THERE WAS A GROUP THAT
MET FOR LOW HEARING HEARING
IMPAIRED INDIVIDUALS I THINK IT
WAS RUN BY PAM MCGINTY.
WE HAD TRIED TO TO GET TOGETHER
BUT THE GROUP SORT OF FADED.
IS THERE ANY IS IT ON YOUR
RADAR IS THAT GOING TO START UP
AGAIN?
>> IT IS.
AND I WILL TRY TO HAVE MORE
INFORMATION NEXT MEETING OR ONE
OF THE GROUPS WHERE I SEE YOU.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH AS A
PERSON OF INTEREST.
THANK JOYCE AND AS ALWAYS THANK
YOU TO THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW LIVINGSTON.
NOW FOR ALLHEIR WORK AND
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE CHANGE
CHANGE FOR THE BETTER AND ALL
THE ALL GREAT THINGS.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU.
HAVE A GOOD DAY
HELP IF I COULD
UNMUTED MYSELF NEXT WE HAVE THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE REPORT
WITH ALEX COCHISE'S, ALEX
GOSSAGE AND RACHEL HAWKINS >>.
WELL GOOD AFTERNOON AGAIN
EVERYBODY.
AH GOOD EVENING.
ALMOST NOT A WHOLE LOT TO
REPORT THIS MONTH OF AS ZACH
MENTIONED EARLIER WE DID TALK
ABOUT THE VISIONS CONFERENCE
COMING UP HERE AND MAKING SURE
THAT WE DO PARTICIPATE IN THAT.
AS FAR AS I KNOW WE WERE ABLE
TO MEET SOME NEW FOLKS LAST
YEAR, CONNECT WITH PEOPLE IN
THE COMMUNITY AND OVERALL IT IS
A GOOD EVENT TO BE PART OF IF
THERE ARE OTHER EVENTS LIKE
THAT THAT USE ANY OF THE
COMMISSIONERS, I THINK WE
SHOULD BE ON THE LOOKOUT FOR
AND POSSIBLY TRYING TO TABLE
THAT IN THE FUTURE.
DO LET US KNOW SO THAT WE CAN
MAKE SURE TO PUT THAT ON OUR
RADAR TO HOPEFULLY GET SIGNED
UP IF IT MAKES SENSE.
THE OTHER PIECE I JUST WANTED
TO MENTION BRIEFLY AND THE
COUNCIL MEMBER IS NOT ON WITH
US THEY DON'T THINK SHE WAS I
KNOW WHAT BUT RECENTLY A
COMMUNITY MEMBER HAD COME
FORWARD CONCERNED ABOUT HOW
ACCESSIBLE PARKING SPACES IN IN
CONDOMINIUM COMPLEXES WERE
DESIGNATED.
>> HE COMES FROM CHICAGO WHERE
AT ONE POINT THOSE ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPACES IN CONDOMINIUM
COMPLEXES WERE ACTUALLY THINGS
THAT COULD BE GIVEN TO SPECIFIC
RESIDENTS THEN THOSE RESIDENTS
COULD ACTUALLY TURN AROUND AND
SELL THE SPOTS AND HE WORKED TO
PASS A BILL IN CHICAGO THAT
BASICALLY PUT THOSE ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPOTS BACK TO BEING A
COMMUNITY ASSET SO AVAILABLE
FOR THE COMMUNITY NOT PRIVATELY
OWNED OR ANYTHING OF THAT
NATURE.
HE WAS CONCERNED THAT THAT
MIGHT BE A SIMILAR THING
HAPPENING HERE IN ANN ARBOR.
BUT WHEN I LAST SPOKE WITH THE
COUNCIL MEMBER THE OTHER DAY,
WE THINK THAT THAT INTERBRAND
OR MICHIGAN IS IS LOOKING AT IT
AS A COMMUNITY ASSET.
BUT THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT AT THE
CITY IS CURRENTLY CHECKING US
TO MAKE SURE AND THAT'S REALLY
BEEN THE BIG THE BIG PIECES
THAT WE HAVE COME UP WITH
RECENTLY.
THANK YOU, ALEX.
I MEAN GREAT WORK THERE WITH
YOU KNOW, THAT COMMITTEE AND
YOU KNOW, WE'RE WE'RE VERY
GRATEFUL FOR THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE AND THE WORK
DOING THERE AND AND I AGREE YOU
KNOW, I'VE HEARD THAT
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARKING
SPACES AND YOU KNOW, IT'S IT'S
DEFINITELY AN ISSUE THAT'S
THAT'S YOU KNOW, NEEDS NEEDS
SOME WORK.
>> SO THANK YOU FOR THAT, MR.
CHAIR.
>> YES, LARRY, I'M READY.
>> I'M SORT OF NOT WHAT I CAN
ANSWER WHAT I CAN RAISE MY HAND
BUT THE TWO THINGS THAT I DID
MENTIONED IN THAT TO LOOK JUST
START LOOKING AT IS ONE I
MENTIONED THAT AS AS VISIONS
COMES UP IT MAY BE
DENISE WOOD
SAID SHE'D LOOK IT UP
EVENTUALLY IN THE BRAIL UP
ABOUT 20 COPIES OF THE FLIER
FOR IT TO HAND OUT A VISION TO
THOSE WHO ARE VISUALLY IMPAIRED
.
AND I ALSO PUT I ALSO MENTION
THAT IT SEEMS TO ME JUST JUST
FOR OBSERVATION, NOT FOR
ANYTHING TO DO YET BUT IT SEEMS
TO ME THAT THEY'RE TAKING A LOT
OF HANDICAPPED PARKING SPACES
AND TURNING THEM INTO PICKUP
LANES AND I DON'T KNOW IF
THAT'S A PROBLEM YET OR NOT BUT
WE'VE NOTICED THAT A LOT OF THE
THE LANES WHERE YOU PICK UP
LIKE BUDDY'S PIZZA OR SOMETHING
LIKE THAT ARE BEING TURNED INTO
THE HANDICAPPED ARE BEING TAKEN
AWAY.
I DON'T KNOW IF THE NEXT
PARKING IT OR NOT BUT THAT'S
WHAT I'VE NOTICED RECENTLY.
YEAH, THAT'S INTERESTING.
YOU KNOW, I THINK THAT'S A VERY
YOU KNOW, UNFORTUNATE
DEVELOPMENT TO HEAR.
BUT YOU KNOW, I HOPE THAT, YOU
KNOW, IF THEY'RE TAKING SPACES
AWAY THAT THEY ARE YOU KNOW,
SOMEHOW ADDING MORE SPACES IN
IF THAT'S THE CASE.
>> BUT THANK YOU, LARRY, FOR
ME.
WELL, I'M NOT I'M OPEN THAT I
WOULD SEE THAT OBSERVATION AND
I JUST THOUGHT I'D MENTION THAT
BECAUSE I'M NOT SURE I'M NOT
SURE.
BUT I'VE JUST SEEN A LOT OF IT.
>> YOU CAN'T GET UP AS CLOSE
AND THE PARKING SPACE ARE A
LITTLE DIFFERENT.
>> SO I'M NOT SURE IF THEY'RE
ADDING OR NOT BUT IT'S
SOMETHING TO JUST KEEP IN MIND
TO LOOK AT.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
AS FAR AS THAT GOES, I HOPE
THAT AGAIN YOU KNOW, THERE'S IF
THERE'S ANYTHING THAT, YOU
KNOW, THE COMMISSION CAN DO IN
TERMS OF HELPING WITH THOSE
ISSUES, PLEASE THOSE ON THE
PARTNERS
AND ACCESS COMMITTEE
DO NOT HESITATE TO REACH OUT TO
TO MYSELF AND YOU KNOW, WE CAN
SEE WHAT WE CAN DO ON THAT.
I ALSO HAVE AN UPDATE ON ANN
ARBOR INCLUSIVE THAT'S OK IF WE
CHANGE TOPICS.
SO I DO HAVE AN UPDATE FROM ANN
ARBOR INCLUSIVE.
SO THEY HAVE A NEW SHOW
PREMIERING THIS FRIDAY FOR 30
P.M. ON CHANNEL 16 AND SEATON'S
YOUTUBE CHANNEL AT HASHTAG C10
IN ANN ARBOR.
>> SO THE THE NEW GUESTS FOR
THIS MONTH IS MEGHAN WINTERS',
CO-FOUNDER AND CEO OF APPLE
VUE.
SO THEY'LL BE TALKING ABOUT THE
ACCESSIBILITY INFORMATION
PLATFORM.
NO, BEFORE YOU GO PHOTOS,
VIRTUAL TOURS, QUESTIONS ABOUT
ACCESSIBLE AND THEN THEY'RE
GOING TO BE SPEAKING WITH THE
MIND CENTER FOR THEIR APRIL
GUEST.
SO MORE TO COME ON THAT AWESOME
OUTSTANDING MEAGERNESS GREAT
FRIEND AND GREAT COLLEAGUE AND
DOING SOME GREAT THINGS WITH
ABEL.
LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING HER
ON ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE AND THAT
EPISODE SO GREAT WORK.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU TO SEATON AND THE
COMMUNITY TELEVISION NETWORK
FOR THEIR WORK WITH THE
INTERNET MORE INCLUSIVE AND ALL
THE THINGS THAT THEY'RE DOING
WITH THAT.
THANK YOU RACHEL.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE AN UPDATE
FOR RECRUITING ACTIVITY WITH
VICE CHAIRMAN LARRY KEILLER.
THE ONLY UPDATE I HAVE
CURRENTLY IS THAT MISS
RADCLYFFE APPOINTMENT HAD ITS
FIRST LOAD AT CITY HALL CITY
COUNCIL AND SHOULD HAVE THE
SECOND VOTE PRETTY SOON.
AND IF THAT HAPPENS WE SHALL
HAVE A NEW COMMISSIONER IN
APRIL IF IT GOES IF CITY HALL
VOTES ARE IN
.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S ALL I KNOW.
THANK YOU.
>> I'M NEXT.
I JUST WANTED TO OPEN IT UP
REALLY QUICK.
I KNOW THAT OUR COUNCIL LIAISON
HAS JUST JOINED AND I KNOW THAT
SHE DOES PARTICIPATE IN THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMITTEE
MEETINGS AT FROM TIME TO TIME.
SO I WANTED TO GIVE OUR COUNCIL
LIAISON COUNCILWOMAN AISHA
GHAZI EDWYN AN OPPORTUNITY TO
SPEAK ON SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT SHE'S BEEN WORKING ON.
>> SHE CAN HEAR US AND IF SHE'S
ABLE.
GOOD AFTERNOON, CONSTABLE.
I EVERYONE THIS IS AISHA.
I APOLOGIZE REPEATEDLY FALLING
OFF I'M DRIVING BACK FROM
LANSING AND JUST HAD SOME
INTERNET CONNECTIVITY ISSUES SO
CHAIR DAMAN CAN YOU SHARE WITH
ME WERE YOU ABLE TO SHARE ANY
OF THE UPDATES THAT YOU AND I
DISCUSSED?
YOU KNOW THAT'S FINE.
NO NO I WAS SAVING THOSE FOUR
FOR MY CHAIR REPORT SO I
HAVEN'T GOTTEN TO THOSE YET.
YEAH OK GREAT.
OK SO SO THERE'S A FEW THINGS
GOING ON SPECIFICALLY COUNCIL
HAS BEEN WHAT WE'VE APPROVED
THIS MAIN STREET STREET
CLOSURES THAT HAPPEN EVERY YEAR
DOWNTOWN CLOSES DOWN MAIN
STREET AND A FEW OTHER STREETS
AND I CALLED A COMMUNITY
ADVISORY.
I FORGOT HIS OLD POSITION BUT
DEREK DELACOURT HE WORKS FOR
THE CITY AND I ASKED HIM HOW
WILL THIS IMPACT ACCESSIBLE
PARKING?
AND SO HE TOOK A LOOK AT IT AND
HE SAID IT PROBABLY WELL.
SO I BASICALLY SUGGESTED CAN WE
PLEASE DESIGNATE ACCESSIBLE
PARKING ALONG ALL THE ROADS
THAT ARE IMMEDIATELY ADJACENT
TO STREET?
AND HE'S LOOKING INTO THAT AND
HE THINKS IT IS POSSIBLE
BECAUSE THIS IS ALL COMING FROM
WHEN I WHEN I THOUGHT OF THE
STREET CLOSURES.
THEY'RE GREAT BUT LIKE WHAT
HAPPENS TO PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES AND OLDER ADULTS
WHO GET DROPPED OFF RIGHT IN
FRONT OF BUSINESSES RIGHT.
SO THEY'RE GOING TO ADD MORE
ACCESSIBLE PARKING THEN I ALSO
ASKED IF THEY COULD MAKE SURE
THOSE PARKING IS BY CURB CUTS
AND POTENTIALLY EVEN MAP OUT
ACCESSIBLE ROUTES.
THE DDA HAS CURRENTLY A MAP ON
THEIR WEBSITE WHERE ALL THE
ACCESSIBLE PARKING SPOTS LIGHT
UP AND I SAID I THINK THAT WE
NEED TO ADD MORE AND THEN ALSO
SHOW ACCESSIBLE.
>> OH OH THAT PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES AND OLDER ADULTS
PLAN THEIR VISITS TO DOWNTOWN
AND SEE I'M SORRY I'M GETTING
I'M GETTING SOME FEEDBACK
THERE.
>> I COULD YOU COULD YOU MOVE
PLEASE SIR
.
ANYWAY SO THAT IS HAPPENING AND
I'M MEETING WITH MAURA I
BELIEVE HER LAST NAME IS THOMAS
OF DAY TOMORROW LET'S TALK
ABOUT ACCESSIBLE PARKING IN
GENERAL AND HOW DO WE MAKE SURE
THAT ACCESSIBILITY IS ALWAYS A
PART OF OUR THINGS LIKE STREET
CLOSURES AND EVENTS FAIRS.
SO I'LL BE MEETING WITH HER
TOMORROW AND I CAN GIVE YOU
GUYS AN UPDATE.
>> THERE IS A FEW OTHER THINGS
I'VE BEEN LOOKING INTO.
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE BROUGHT
SOME ISSUES AROUND CONDO
ASSOCIATIONS AND ACCESSIBLE
PARKING AND I'VE HAD THE CITY'S
LEGAL TEAM LOOK INTO IT AND IT
LOOKS LIKE IT'S NOT AN ISSUE
YET.
ESSENTIALLY WHAT WAS HAPPENING
WERE CONDO AS WELL IN OTHER
CITIES ASSOCIATIONS HAVE HAD
THE ABILITY TO AUCTION OFF
ACCESSIBLE PARKING SPOTS TO
PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT TENANTS WITH
DISABILITIES, WHICH IS
RIDICULOUS.
SO IN TALKING TO THE LEGAL TEAM
I SAID IS THIS HAPPENING HERE?
AND THEY SAID NO AND THEN THEY
LOOKED INTO IT FURTHER.
IT SEEMS LIKE STATE LAW WOULD
PREVENT THAT FROM HAPPENING.
SO IN MICHIGAN, UNLIKE IN
ILLINOIS WHERE A
LIKE SIMILAR TO THIS WAS PASSED
IN CHICAGO, THAT C
HAPPEN HERE.
>> AM I MAKING SENSE
OF QUESTIONS ABOUT THAT?
NO, I DON'T THINK SO.
I I AGREE WITH YOU THOUGH.
I THINK I THINK THE FACT THAT
THEY'RE ABLE TO QUOTE AUCTION
OFF PARKING SPACES FOR THE
HIGHEST BIDDER IS IS
PREPOSTEROUS.
I DON'T I DON'T I DON'T SEE
WHERE THAT MAKES SENSE,
ESPECIALLY WHEN IT IMPACTS
ACCESSIBILITY.
>> YEAH.
I'VE ALSO ASKED I'VE ASKED THE
ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT THE
TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT TO
GIVE ME A REPORT ON PLANNING
HAS PASSED A RESOLUTION TO GET
RID OF PARKING MINIMUMS IN THE
CITY WHICH I THINK IS EXCELLENT
AND IT REALLY IS IN ALIGNMENT
WITH SOME OF OUR GOALS AROUND A
TWO ZERO AND JUST IN GENERAL
IT'S GOOD FOR US AND FOR
AFFORDABLE THE COST OF HOUSING
IS MORE AFFORDABLE BUT WHAT IT
MEANS IS IF A NEW DEVELOPMENT
DECIDES NOT TO OFFER ANY
PARKING, THEY DON'T HAVE TO
OFFER ANY ACCESSIBLE PARKING
EITHER.
SO THEN THAT LEAVES AN ENTIRE
SEGMENT OF THE POPULATION OUT
OF BEING ABLE TO RENT OR ASSERT
ITS RIGHT.
I'VE ASKED TO GIVE ME A REPORT
ON HOW THIS MAY BE IMPACTING
THE COMMUNITY.
I'VE MET WITH THEM ABOUT IT AND
I SAID, YOU KNOW, CAN WE CAN WE
PUT I'M SORRY I DON'T KNOW IF
YOU GUYS CAN HEAR MY
NAVIGATION.
CAN WE PUT SOME SORT
OF SOMETHING IN THERE JUST TO
MANDATE ACCESSIBLE PARKING
SPOTS?
AND HE SAID THAT ACCESSIBLE
PARKING IS ALWAYS MANDATED
BECAUSE OF ADA HAS TO BE A
CERTAIN RATIO.
>> RIGHT.
BUT ONLY IF OTHER PARKING IS
OFFERED IF THERE'S NO PARKING
OFFERED, NO ACCESSIBLE PARKING
HAS TO BE OFFERED.
SO THEN I ALSO SAID CAN WE
DESIGNATE ANN ARBOR ACCESSIBLE
PARKING SPOTS FOR USE FOR A
CONDO OR AN APARTMENT?
AND THAT IS A MORE COMPLEX
ISSUE BECAUSE THERE HAS TO BE A
CERTAIN NUMBER OF ACCESSIBLE
SPOTS PER BLOCK AND IT THROWS
OFF THE NUMBERS EITHER WAY
THEY'RE GETTING TOGETHER AND
THEY'RE GOING TO GIVE ME A
REPORT BECAUSE I WANT TO KEEP
AN EYE ON THIS AND I THINK THAT
THAT'S RIGHT NOW THAT'S THAT'S
THE BEST MOVE.
YOU KNOW, COUNCIL MEMBER I
COMPLETELY AGREE AND AS FAR AS
THESE BUILDING PROJECTS
CONTINUE IS BUILDING AN
APPROVAL OF MORE APARTMENT
BUILDINGS AND MORE BUILDINGS IN
THE CITY CONTINUES TO INCREASE
THIS SITUATION IS GOING TO
CONTINUE TO BE PARAMOUNT IN
TERMS OF ADDRESSING THIS.
AND SO I'M GRATEFUL THAT YOU'VE
HAD ON THE FOREFRONT ALREADY
AND THAT YOU'RE ALREADY
REQUIRING THAT THESE PARTICULAR
ENTITIES GIVE US ANSWERS IN
TERMS OF , YOU KNOW, HOW THIS
IS AFFECTING ACCESSIBILITY AND
WHY INADEQUACIES OF PARKING AND
ACCESSIBILITY ARE ACCEPTABLE
BECAUSE QUITE FRANKLY AND THIS
IS JUST MY OPINION I DON'T
SPEAK FOR ANYONE ELSE BUT
MYSELF.
BUT TO ME THAT'S JUST THAT'S
THAT'S INCORRECT.
AND YOU KNOW, I'M GRATEFUL FOR
YOU BEING A VOICE FOR US ON
THIS AND THANK YOU FOR KEEPING
US INFORMED.
>> YEAH.
I'LL KEEP YOU ALL UPDATED WHEN
I GET THAT REPORT.
I AM PRETTY SURE I'LL SHARE IT
WITH ALL OF YOU AND WE'LL SEE
AND WE'LL JUST WE'LL JUST STAY
ON TOP OF IT BECAUSE YOU KNOW,
GETTING RID OF PARKING MINIMUMS
IS IMPORTANT AT THE SAME TIME
WE NEED TO REMEMBER WHO IS
BEING LEFT OUT OF EVERY POLICY
DECISION THAT WE MAKE AND WE
DON'T MAKE SO AND THAT'S THIS
COMMISSION'S JOB.
AND THEN IN REGARDS TO THE ADA
ACCESSIBILITY COORDINATOR JOB
DESCRIPTION LAURA AUTI HAS AND
WORKING ON THAT AND SHE DID
SEND ME A RECENT COPY WHERE SHE
ASKED FOR MY INPUT AND I DID
RECOMMEND THAT THERE BE SOME
MORE INCLUSION OF WORDING LIKE
DISABILITY JUSTICE DOING
GENERAL TRAININGS ON
ACCESSIBILITY.
I FELT LIKE IT WAS A LITTLE TOO
ADA A COMPLIANCE COORDINATOR
HEAVY AND I THINK THAT AS WE
KNOW WITH PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES LIKE ADA IS IT'S
IT'S ANTIQUATED, IT'S OLD, IT'S
NOT THE BEST WE CAN DO AND WE
REALLY NEED WHEN WE THINK
OF ACCESSIBILITY WE NEED TO GO
ABOVE AND BEYOND ADA IT'S ABOUT
NAVIGATING BOTH INVISIBLE AND
VISIBLE INFRASTRUCTURE RIGHT.
SO SHE'S GOING TO GO AHEAD.
GO AHEAD.
I WAS JUST GOING TO SAY SHE'S
GOING TO MAKE THOSE CHANGES AND
IT'S NOT GOING TO BE POSTED
TILL MAY.
SO I'M GOING TO REACH OUT TO
HER ABOUT AND ZACH MAYBE I'LL
SEE YOU ON THAT EMAIL ABOUT HER
SENDING A FINAL COPY TO ALL
OF US.
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
AND LAURA IS ACTUALLY ON THE
MEETING TODAY TOO.
SO THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THIS
TO OUR ATTENTION AND AND YOU
KNOW, I LOOK FORWARD TO HEARING
MORE ABOUT THIS.
THIS PROCESS IS ONCE LAURA YOU
CAN PRESENT TO US TODAY AS WELL
.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
YEAH, THAT'S GREAT.
HI, LAURA.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU WERE ON BUT
IT'S GREAT THAT SHE'S HERE SO
YEAH.
SO THERE'S THAT UPDATE AND THEN
THE OTHER UPDATE THAT I HAD WAS
OH, I AM MEETING WITH THE
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF AL-ATTIYA
MATTHEW CARPENTER SOON ABOUT
PARATRANSIT SO I'LL KEEP YOU
ALL UPDATED.
>> AUSTIN, THANK YOU.
THAT'S A GREAT WORK BY OUR
COUNCIL LIAISON.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THE LITTLE BIT OF A TORNADO
BUT THANKS FOR BEARING WITH ME.
THANKS.
YEAH WELL NO NO BE SAFE OUT
THERE.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND AGAIN, THANK YOU FOR ALL
OF THIS.
IT'S OUTSTANDING WORK AND YOU
KNOW, I DEFINITELY APPRECIATE
YOU KEEPING KODI INFORMED ON
ALL OF THIS.
IT'S MAKING A HUGE, HUGE
DIFFERENCE.
AND AGAIN, YOU KNOW ANYTHING
THAT MYSELF OR ANY OF US IF YOU
WHATEVER YOU NEED FROM US,
HOPEFULLY WE CAN PROVIDE THAT
TO YOU AS WELL.
RIGHT.
THANKS SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING MOVING ON.
I'M GOING TO MOVE BACK DOWN TO
I KNOW LARRY VICE CHAIRMAN YOU
HAD COVERED RECRUITING SO WE
WERE GOING TO GO TO YOU FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE AND I KNOW I HAD ASKED
YOU TO TO ME SO I'LL WAIT FOR
YOU TO UNMUTED BUT THANK YOU
VERY MUCH, LARRY.
AND IF YOU HAVE AN UPDATE FOR
TRANSPORTATION, LET US KNOW NOW
I'M HERE LET ME BACK TO SORRY
ABOUT THAT.
I HAD A SNEEZING THING THAT I
DIDN'T THINK WAS COMING OUT.
>> I KNEW I WAS NEXT.
I WAS PREPARED AND THEN THEN
THE TELEPHONE WAS ON AND I
STARTED SNEEZING.
SO SORRY ABOUT THAT.
SO A LOT OF THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION REPORT WAS ON OF ALL
THINGS THERE'S A DEBATE.
THERE'S DEBATES GOING ON ABOUT
PUTTING SIDEWALKS IN FRONT
OF ERHART VILLAGE AND ON BROOK
STREET AND SOME PEOPLE WANT
THEM AND A LOT OF PEOPLE DON'T
BECAUSE THEY'RE THEY CONSIDER
IT PRIVATE PROPERTY AND THEY
DON'T KNOW THEY DON'T WANT
PEOPLE WALKING BY THEIR PLACES
BUT ARE WE'VE GOT TO FILL IN
THE SIDEWALK GAPS ESPECIALLY
FOR PEOPLE THAT YOU KNOW FROM
PEOPLE THAT DON'T WANT TO HAVE
TO WALK ACROSS THE STREET AND
WALK BACK AND PEOPLE LIKE IN
CHAIRS ARE LIKE MYSELF WHO LIKE
TO STAY AND BE ABLE TO STAY ON
THE SIDE OF THE STREET THAT I
WANT TO BE OUT AND SIT ACROSS
RECROSSED SO THEY'RE HAVING A
BIG DEBATE AND SOME OF THESE
PLACES ARE TRYING TO STOP BILL
FROM BUILDING SITE STOP
BUILDING SIDEWALK.
SO THAT WAS THAT WAS A BIG A
BIG THING THAT TOOK OVER A LOT
OF THE MEETINGS TIME AND AND
OUR YEAR END POLICY AND OUR OUR
YEAR END POLICY PAST AND OUR
POLICY MANAGEMENT THING PAST OR
NEXT YEAR OR FOR THIS COMING
YEAR AND SOME OF THE PROJECTS
LIKE THE NORTH SIDE OF GETTING
WILL BE STARTED IN THE SUMMER.
AND THEN ANOTHER THING THEY
TALKED ABOUT THEY'RE COMING UP
WITH SOMETHING I GUESS THEY GOT
DASHBOARD'S AND I THINK THEY'RE
A COMPUTER AND I HAVE TO
UNDERSTAND THEM A LITTLE
BETTER.
BUT APPARENTLY YOU CAN LOOK
THESE UP USE THESE FOR PAVEMENT
CONDITIONS AND A LOT OF OTHER A
LOT OF OTHER DRIVING CONDITIONS
AND LIKE FOR MAINTENANCE DOWN
THE ROAD AND FOR, YOU KNOW,
TRAFFIC JAMS AND STUFF LIKE
THAT, YOU CAN LOOK TO SEE JUST
ABOUT ANY KIND OF ROAD
CONDITION YOU WANT OUT OF THESE
THESE OR THEM.
>> THEY'RE CATEGORIZED IN A
DIFFERENT CATEGORY AND THEN
THERE WAS A A TIA WAS TALKING
ABOUT GETTING THEIR BUDGET FOR
WHAT LIKE IT'S LIKE THE TRANSIT
CENTER AND THERE THEY WANT TO
PUT THEIR TEXTS FROM SOMETHING
WHERE YOU CAN TEXT YOUR TEXT
YOUR BUSSES TO BE CHECKED TO
CHECK THEM TO SEE IF THEY'RE ON
TIME AND ALSO CHECK TO SEE
WHERE BUS STOPS ARE AT AND IF I
MISSED ANYTHING OF IMPORTANCE
IS IN THE TRANSPORTATION LINK.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, MARY AND THANK YOU
FOR ALL YOUR WORK AS YOU SIT ON
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
FOR US AS WELL THE UP AND
COMING UP IN ABOUT AN HOUR AND
A HALF THAT'S RIGHT.
>> THANK YOU.
HERE.
ALL RIGHT NEXT.
MOVING ON TO OUR REPORT FOR THE
U.
THEM COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY
CONCERNS MEETING UPDATE WITH
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON MATTHEW, I
AM JUST REPORTING ON THE
MEETING WHICH TOOK PLACE
YESTERDAY AND I WANT TO PASS
ALONG A QUOTATION WITH WHICH
THE MEETING BEGAN WHICH I
THOUGHT WELL I WANTED YOU TO
HEAR IT'S FROM THE JUDY HYMAN
AND THE COMPLETE QUOTATION
READS I WANT TO SEE A FEISTY
GROUP OF DISABLED PEOPLE AROUND
THE WORLD IF YOU DON'T RESPECT
YOURSELF AND IF YOU DON'T
DEMAND WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN FOR
YOURSELF, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
GET IT SO THE BULK OF THE
MEETING WAS TAKEN UP BY A
PRESENTATION FROM WINTER
MACLEOD WHO IS INTERN WITH THE
OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND
TECHNOLOGY SERVICES AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AND HAS
BEEN WORKING ON AN ACCESSIBLE
MEETING'S CHECKLIST IN WHICH
ORGANIZERS OF MEETINGS AND
EVENTS CAN KIND OF RUN THROUGH
SOME IMPORTANT ISSUES AROUND
ACCESSIBILITY.
AND SO WE GOT AN OVERVIEW
OF THAT PROTOCOL WHICH
ENCOMPASSES EVERYTHING FROM
SCHEDULING TO FOOD AND DRINK TO
CAPTIONS TO MARKETING FAIRLY
COMPREHENSIVE SET OF GUIDELINES
WHICH ARE GOING TO BE
PUBLICIZED AND MADE AVAILABLE
TO THE COMMUNITY.
I THINK SOMETIME LATER IN THE
MONTH.
THAT WAS THE MAIN TOPIC OF THE
MEETING WAS ABOUT ACCESSIBILITY
AND HOW TO KIND OF EMBED BEST
PRACTICES AROUND ACCESSIBILITY
FOR UM MEETINGS AND EVENTS.
I THINK THERE'S STILL A LOT
OF EDUCATION THAT NEEDS TO GO
ON IN THAT AREA.
BUT THIS FELT LIKE THIS
RESOURCE IS A TERRIFIC PLACE TO
START.
I HOPE IT GETS WIDE PUBLICITY.
THERE WAS A FAIR AMOUNT
OF FEEDBACK AND THAT WAS REALLY
OUR TASK YESTERDAY.
>> ANY QUESTIONS COMMENTS I
JUST HAVE A QUICK COMMENT FOR
YOU, MATTHEW.
THANK YOU FOR SHARING THAT.
I REALLY DO AGREE WITH YOU AND
YOU KNOW, MISS HUMAN WAS A
LEGEND IN THE DISABILITY
COMMUNITY FOR ALL THE WORK THAT
SHE'S DONE.
AND YOU KNOW, LET ME JUST SAY
TO YOU I COMPLETELY AGREE THAT
WE HAVE TO BE FEISTY.
WE HAVE TO CONTINUE TO PRESS
FORWARD AND PUSH ON AND IF WE
DO NOT SPEAK UP THEN THEN WE
WILL NOT CONTINUE TO SEE
PROGRESS.
AND SO I REALLY APPRECIATE
MATTHEW, WHAT YOU SHARED AND
THEN OF COURSE VERY INTERESTING
WITH WITH WHAT WINTER PRESENTED
AS WELL IN TERMS
OF ACCESSIBILITY MEETINGS.
I THINK THAT'S IMPORTANT AS
WELL.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THAT
AND THANK YOU TO THE EUROPEAN
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
FOR ALL THE WORK THAT THEY'RE
DOING.
AND MATTHEW IS AS YOU GUYS HAVE
EVENTS OR DIFFERENT THINGS
COMING UP, PLEASE KEEP US
INFORMED AND WE CAN DO OUR BEST
TO TO SUPPORT THE EUROPEAN
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
.
JUST FOR THE RECORD, FOR THE
RECORD THAT QUOTATION WAS
TRUNCATED IN THE MATERIALS WE
GOT AT THE MEETING.
I HAD TO GO TO THE ACLU WEBSITE
TO FIND THE FEISTY PART BUT I
FELT IT WAS IMPORTANT TO
RESTORE THAT TO THE ORIGINAL
QUOTATION THAT WAS AGAIN
TRUNCATED FOR WHATEVER REASON
FOR OUR MEETING.
>> YEAH, INTERESTING.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU FOR SHARING THAT AS
WELL AND I'M GRATEFUL THAT YOU
GAVE US THE ORIGINAL QUOTE
BECAUSE VERY IMPORTANT.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
UP NEXT, WE HAVE THE DIRECTOR
OF ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY AND
HER REPORT WITH LAURA ORSA.
LAURA, GOOD AFTERNOON AND THANK
YOU FOR JOINING US.
>> THANK YOU EVERYONE.
SO EXCUSE ME FOR COUGHING IF
I'M GOING TO COUGH IN YOUR EAR
I'M FIGHTING A WONDERFUL GOAL
THAT MY GRANDCHILD GAVE ME THIS
WEEKEND.
>> SO I HAVE SENT TO DENISE
THIS DRAFT.
IT'S NOWHERE NEAR FINAL DRAFT
AFTER TALKING WITH AISHA THAT,
YOU KNOW, PUT SOME OF THAT
LANGUAGE IN.
IT WILL CERTAINLY BE THE NEW
TERMINOLOGY, SOMETHING THAT I
AM LOOKING FOR ANYBODY THAT
INTERVIEWS TO BE TALKING ABOUT
A THAT I CRAFTED A FEW A FEW
THINGS IN THEIR OVERARCHINGLY I
KNOW THAT THE LEGAL TEAM WANTS
TO SAY A LOT OF THE ADA
BECAUSE.
RIGHT.
THAT'S THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE
THINKING WE NEED TO BE OK.
THEY DON'T SEE IT AS EXCESSIVE
MILITARY JUSTICE AND THEY THEY
DON'T NECESSARILY SEE IT AS
WHEN ADVERTISING AND PROMOTING
IT.
RIGHT.
THEY WANT TO MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING IS CLEAR CUT.
SO BUT I WAS ABLE TO GO THROUGH
AND THAT IS MY INTENTION A
THOUSAND PERCENT, YOU KNOW,
INVISIBLE AND VISIBLE AS WELL
AS ALL OF THESE ISSUES.
ONE OF THE THINGS I LOVE YOUR
FEEDBACK ON OR I'LL GIVE YOU A
COUPLE OF THINGS BUT FIRST THE
REQUIREMENTS FOR THE JOB THE
THE REQUIRED OVER PREFERRED THE
REQUIRED RIGHT NOW I HAVE A
BACHELOR'S DEGREE AND THEN A
COUPLE OF YEARS EXPERIENCE IN
PROGRAMING OR TRAINING REALLY
BROAD CATEGORIES AS MUCH AS I
COULD GET AND THEN WE HAVE A
THING THAT WE PUT IN HERE IN
ANN ARBOR WHICH IS OR
EQUIVALENT AND TO ME THAT'S TO
TWO BROAD RIGHT.
WE MISS SO MANY CANDIDATES BUT
ALSO HOPEFULLY IT'S LIKE PLEASE
JUST APPLY YOU KNOW THERE'S
THAT THAT CROSSROADS THAT I'M
TRYING TO FIND A GOOD THING FOR
.
SO LOOK AT THAT AND SEE IF YOU
FEEL LIKE OH, YOU KNOW, A
BACHELORS DEGREE IS TOO MUCH TO
REALLY NEED AS LONG AS THEY
HAVE THIS CERTIFICATION.
>> RIGHT.
LIKE HOW DO WE WANT TO SWITCH
THESE THINGS?
THE OTHER THING THAT I TRIED TO
DO WITH THE IS IN THE THE
BULLETS THAT I RECEIVED FROM
THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR
ORIGINALLY AND THEN FROM H.R. I
ALWAYS TRIED TO TIE THE JOB
DUTIES BACK INTO THE BULLETS
AND MAKE SURE THAT THE
REQUIREMENTS ALIGN WITH THOSE
RIGHT.
I'M VERY MUCH A GO BACK TO THE
MISSION AND MAKE SURE HOW
EVERYTHING TIES IN TO IF YOU
HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT WHY IS
THIS ONE IN HERE WHEN YOU'RE
SAYING THESE THINGS ANY
FEEDBACK AT ALL?
I AM ABSOLUTELY OPEN TO AND
CERTAIN AS WE MOVE FORWARD TO
ME THE REAL BIG AREAS THAT YOU
WILL HAVE BETTER CONTROL OVER
IS THE QUESTIONS BECAUSE THERE
ARE NO SPECIFIC QUESTIONS THAT
I HAVE TO INCLUDE IN THE
INTERVIEW PROCESS.
SO AND WE CAN ALSO WORK WITH
THE RECRUITING TEAM WHO WILL BE
HANDLING ALL THE APPLICATIONS
AND DOING THE FIRST INITIAL
ROUND FOR US AND REALLY TALK TO
THEM ABOUT THIS IS WE'RE
LOOKING FOR PEOPLE TO
UNDERSTAND THIS TERMINOLOGY.
WE DO NOT WANT SOMEONE WHO'S
STUCK IN NINETEEN EIGHTY
NINETEEN NINETIES EIGHTY EIGHT
AND THAT'S WHERE THEY'RE MOVING
FORWARD FROM HERE.
SO I ABSOLUTELY APPRECIATE
EVERYONE'S ASSISTANCE THUS FAR
AND CONTINUE TO YOU MAKE THE
TWEAKS ON IT AND WE WILL HAVE
IT FUNDED UNTIL THE NEW FISCAL
YEAR.
SO BUT I'M TRYING TO GET
EVERYTHING AS APPROVED AS
POSSIBLE TO DO THE INTERVIEW SO
THAT PERSON CAN START AS SOON
AS POSSIBLE.
>> ANY QUESTIONS AT ALL FOR ME
?
I JUST HAVE A QUICK COMMENT OR
A THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW GRATEFUL I
AM PERSONALLY JUST FOR THE
EFFORTS THUS FAR PUT IN TO THIS
FOR THIS POSITION BUT ALSO
UNDERSTANDING YOUR EAGERNESS AS
WELL TO GET THIS POSITION
POSTED AND FILLED SO THAT WE
CAN HAVE AN ADEQUATE LEADER WHO
IS WORKING DIRECTLY WITH THE
CITY AND DIRECTLY WITH US.
AND SO WE'RE VERY EXCITED FOR
THAT AND I AM FILLED WITH
GRATITUDE FOR YOUR AND YOUR
EFFORTS THUS FAR.
I WOULD LIKE TO ECHO COUNCIL
MEMBER EDWINS WORDS AND I HOPE
THIS PERSON CAN HAVE A
BACKGROUND IN DISABILITY
JUSTICE AS WELL AS BECAUSE AS
AS COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
MENTIONED, THE FEISTY PORTION
OF WHAT WE DO IS IMPORTANT AND
WE CAN BE FEISTY AND WE CAN
STILL DO IT IN A CLASSY AND
DIPLOMATIC WAY.
BUT I THINK I THINK HAVING THAT
FEISTY PORTION OF DISABILITY
JUSTICE, KNOWING THE LAW,
KNOWING THOSE IMPORTANT ASPECTS
IS ALSO VERY IMPORTANT AS WELL.
>> SO YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
AND I I REALLY THINK THAT AS WE
MOVE FORWARD ONE OF THE THINGS
I LIKE TO DO IN THE INTERVIEW
PROCESS IS NOT JUST ASK
QUESTIONS AND WAIT FOR THE
PERSON TO RESPOND BECAUSE
THAT'S VERY GACHA TO ME
ESPECIALLY AS A DIVERGENT
PERSON I GET TELLING A STORY
AND I'M WAY OVER HERE AND IT
SHOULD BE OVER HERE.
SO I LIKE TO PRESENT CASE
STUDIES, YOU KNOW TWO TO FIVE
SENTENCES ABOUT AND WE CAN USE
ANY OF THE ISSUES THAT YOU ALL
HAVE ENCOUNTERED AND JUST MAKE
IT A YOU KNOW, GENERALIZED
INFORMATION AND ASK HOW WOULD
YOU HANDLE THAT?
>> WHAT ARE THE STEPS THAT ARE
REQUIRED?
SO TO ME THE MOST EXCITING PART
IS GOING TO BE WRITING THE
INTERVIEW QUESTIONS BECAUSE
THAT'S REALLY WHERE WE'LL BE
ABLE TO TEASE OUT WHAT THE
INDIVIDUAL IS AND HOW THEY
HANDLE INTERACTIONS.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I LIKE THAT A LOT.
THIS IS COUNCIL MEMBER EDWYN.
WE ARE TO SAY THAT THIS IS
AISHA.
I LIKE THAT A LOT AND I ALSO
WANT TO SAY I DO APPRECIATE
THAT THE SECOND THAT I GIVE
LAURA SOME OF THAT FEEDBACK SHE
WAS LIKE ABSOLUTELY ABOUT
DISABILITY JUSTICE.
LAURA, I ALSO UNDERSTAND LIKE
FOR LEGAL REASONS YOU MAY NOT
BE ABLE TO SAY CERTAIN
QUALIFICATIONS OR CRITICAL BUT
THEN IN SOMEWHERE AS A BULLET
POINT AND YOU'VE ALREADY AGREED
TO DOING THIS WRITING SOMETHING
ABOUT HOW THIS HOW THOSE VALUES
PLAY OUT IN ACTION, THAT
CREATING A CULTURE
OF DISABILITY JUSTICE, HELPING
TO PROVIDE OR TRAINING FOR
VARIOUS THINGS LIKE THAT.
SO I APPRECIATE YOUR WORK AND
YOUR OPENNESS TO HELPING US GET
IT RIGHT.
>> I THINK THE CASE EXAMPLES
ARE ALSO ALSO PERFECT JUST
BECAUSE I'M SURE TOGETHER WE
CAN COME UP WITH SOME GOOD ONES
FOR YOU IN TERMS OF COMMON
THINGS THAT WE ENCOUNTER AND SO
I THINK IT'S GREAT THAT YOU'RE
MAKING THE INTERVIEWEES GIVE
YOU APPLICABLE KNOWLEDGE TO
SHOW THEIR SKILLS AND THEIR
THOUGHT PROCESS BECAUSE THAT'S
THAT'S SO IMPORTANT NOT JUST AN
OUTCOME.
CORRECT.
AND ONE OF THE THINGS I ALWAYS
DO IT'S NOT A PRACTICE YET IN
THE CITY BUT WILL BE ONE DAY
SOON IS I PROVIDE THE
INTERVIEWEES THE QUESTIONS AT
LEAST 15 MINUTES IF NOT A HALF
HOUR PRIOR TO THEIR INTERVIEW
TIME BECAUSE THAT TAKES THAT
POP QUIZ IF YOU OUT OF IT AS
WELL.
YOU KNOW IT'S NOT ANYTHING
THAT
EVERYTHING I DO IS FOIBLE SO
SHARE AND SHARE LIKE THE OTHER
THING I WANTED TO BRING TO THE
COUNCIL IS THE CITY IS MOVING
FORWARD WITH OUR COMPREHENSIVE
PLAN WHAT IN THE PAST USED TO
BE TERMINOLOGY MASTER PLAN BUT
THAT YOU KNOW, HAS NEGATIVE
CONNOTATIONS TO IT.
SO THE CORRECT LANGUAGE IS
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN AND I I AM
SITUATED ON THE GROUP WITH
INSIDE THE CITY THAT IS DOING
THAT.
THEY BROUGHT ME ON I HAD A
GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO INTERVIEW
OUR TWO PEOPLE THAT MADE IT
THROUGH THE RFP PROCESS AND
THEIR TEAMS AND WE FOUND A TEAM
THAT IS MUCH MORE JUSTICE AND
EQUITY FOCUSED THAN ANOTHER
TEAM WAS AND I HAVE
CONTINUOUSLY PUT IN THE PEOPLE
THAT A IN CHARGE IN
CHARGE OF IT THAT WE NEED
REPRESENTATION FROM THIS
COMMISSION AND SO ONCE WE START
MOVING IT FORWARD AND KICKING
IT OFF WHICH WILL PROBABLY BE
IN THE FALL, IT'S GOING TO TAKE
TEN TO TWELVE YEARS.
RIGHT.
THEY DO A COUPLE OF YEARS FOR
THE STUDY FOR US AND THEN BUT
WHAT MICHELLE BENNETT WAS
SAYING EARLIER ABOUT GETTING
OUT TO INDIVIDUALS YOU KNOW
THAT WE NEED TO DO A BETTER JOB
OF IT AND ONE OF THE WAYS IS I
ACTUALLY GOT THEM TO PUT IN
THESE CASE STUDY QUESTIONS AND
BOTH TEAMS THAT INTERVIEWED
SAID WE'VE NEVER HAD AN
INTERVIEW LIKE THIS BEFORE.
RIGHT.
IT'S IT'S NEW AND THEY WE ASKED
THEM SOME REAL SPECIFIC THINGS
ABOUT HOW ARE THEY GOING TO
BREAK THROUGH THE BARRIER THAT
WE EXPERIENCE AS EMPLOYEES IN
ANN ARBOR TRYING TO REACH OUT
TO THE COMMUNITY AND REALLY
LISTEN TO
THEM TO HAVE THOSE
INCLUSIVE CONVERSATIONS AND AND
HOW THEY WILL OVERCOME THINGS.
AND SO I'M REALLY EXCITED ABOUT
THE CONSULTING TEAM THAT HAS
BEEN CHOSEN AND I WILL MAKE
CERTAIN TO BRING ALL OF YOU IN
ON THAT AND MAYBE YOU KNOW, YOU
SEND A REPRESENTATIVE IN TO
TALK TO THESE GROUPS OR YOU
HOLD SESSIONS WHATEVER.
BUT I WILL MAKE SURE THAT I'M
ALWAYS CIRCLING BACK WITH ALL
OF YOU.
>> SO THAT'S ALL I YEAH.
THANK YOU.
I MEAN AGAIN, WONDERFUL WORK.
WE APPRECIATE YOU BEING JUST A
GREAT ALLY FOR US AND I LOOK
FORWARD TO CONTINUING TO
WORKING WITH YOU ON THIS
PROCESS AND GETTING THINGS
MOVING FORWARD NOT JUST AN
ALLY, A MEMBER OF THE COMMUNITY
.
ABSOLUTELY.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M NEXT MOVING ON, WE HAVE THE
CITY PERSONNEL REPORT WITH
DENISE.
GOOD AFTERNOON.
THE CITY IS WELCOME IN SORAYA
ASHBURN HOUSING COMMISSION
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT TO LEO
DICKIN, INJINOO ARING CIVIL
ENGINEER SPECIALIST RYAN DUFLOT
WATER TREATMENT SERVICE OR
UTILITY TECHNICIAN CHRISTOPHER
HOCHSTETTER, ENGINEERING
TRANSPORTATION TECHNICIAN
ROLANDO MUNA'S JUNIOR WATER
TREATMENT SERVICES OR A UTILITY
TECHNICIAN A RETIREMENT
FAREWELL TO JACK FOSTER POLICE
DETECTIVE DECIRTE ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU DENISE AND WELCOME TO
ALL OF THE NEW STAFF AND TO THE
OUTGOING DETECTIVE.
I HOPE HE HAS A GREAT
RETIREMENT.
ABSOLUTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, MOVING ON TO THE CHAIR
REPORT A LOT OF WHAT I WAS
GOING TO SAY BELIEVE IT OR NOT
WAS COVERED .
BUT I DID WANT TO MENTION AS
JOYCE MENTIONED EARLIER IN THE
CIO REPORT, THERE IS A CENTER
THERE'S THE THEATER DIALOG
SESSIONS AT THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW LEVINGSTON
COMING UP.
IT'S GOING TO BE VIRTUAL
FRIDAY, MARCH TWENTY FOURTH
12:00 P.M. ON ZOOME HOPEFULLY
IF SOME OF YOU ARE INTERESTED
IN THEATER AND ALSO THIS
PROGRAM AND SORT OF WANTING TO
GIVE ROBIN BENNETT SOME
FEEDBACK ON WHAT THEY CAN
INCORPORATE HOW THE THEATER
SESSIONS CAN BE HELPFUL TO
THOSE IN THE COMMUNITY, I WOULD
DEFINITELY ENCOURAGE ALL OF YOU
TO ATTEND PERSONALLY AS A
PERFORMER WITH A DISABILITY.
I THINK THAT THEATER AND THE
ARTS REALLY DOES AMAZING THINGS
FOR NOT ONLY BEING ABLE TO ACT
OUT DIFFERENT SITUATIONS WITH
DISABILITY BUT ALSO, YOU KNOW,
HELPS TO TO BE SORT OF THE TEAM
ASPECT IN WORKING WITH THE
DIFFERENT CAST AND CREW AND
BEING ABLE TO ALSO BE A GREAT
SOCIAL ACTIVITY.
SO I JUST ENCOURAGE ALL OF YOU
IF YOU'RE AVAILABLE TO JOIN
THAT VIRTUAL SESSION FRIDAY,
MARCH TWENTY FOURTH AT 12:00,
THAT IS REALLY THE ONLY THING I
HAVE FOR THE CHAIR REPORT AT
THIS TIME.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THAT
.
LET'S SEE NEXT MOVING UNDER OLD
BUSINESS WE DO HAVE THE WE WANT
TO FORMALIZE THE KIND
OF RECRUITING PROCEDURE.
SO I WANTED TO JUST TALK A
LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT THAT
BRIEFLY WITH YOU GUYS.
SO LARRY KEELER AND I HAVE
TALKED A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE
RECRUITING PROCEDURES AND KIND
OF WHAT WE CAN DO GOING FORWARD
TO ENSURE THAT THE RECRUITING
PROCESS IS EFFECTIVE AND WE CAN
YOU I WOULD SAY IN A VERY
TIMELY MANNER BE ABLE TO REVIEW
APPLICATIONS AND THEN GET BACK
TO THE APPLICANTS IN A TIMELY
MANNER.
AND SO I WANTED TO KNOW IF ALL
OF YOU HAD SOME FEEDBACK IN
TERMS OF THE RECRUITING
PROCEDURES.
I KNOW WE'VE TALKED IN THE PAST
ABOUT FORMING A RECRUITING
SUBCOMMITTEE SO THAT LARRY
COULD HAVE A BIT OF ASSISTANCE
WITH REVIEWING SOME OF THE
APPLICATIONS THAT ARE SUBMITTED
AND THEN CONTACTING THESE
INDIVIDUALS TO SORT OF KNOW
WHAT THEIR THEIR PASSION IS FOR
HELPING THE COMMUNITY AND ALSO
BEING A PART OF THE COMMISSION
AND THEN GOING FORTH TO THEN
PRESENT THEIR APPLICATION TO
THE COMMISSION.
BUT OF COURSE, LARRY IS JUST
ONE MAN AND I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE
AS A COMMISSION TO GIVE HIM
SOME SOME HELP.
AND SO I WANTED TO KNOW FROM
THE COMMISSION IS A RECRUITING
SUBCOMMITTEE IS THAT SOMETHING
THAT THE COMMISSION IS OPEN TO
AND AND WOULD ANYONE BE WILLING
TO PARTICIPATE IN RECRUITING
ACTIVITIES WITH LARRY TO ASSIST
HIM IN REVIEWING APPLICATIONS
AS WELL AS REACHING OUT TO
THOSE APPLICANTS THAT WE FEEL
CAN BE APPOINTED TO THE
COMMISSION?
SO I JUST WANTED TO OPEN THAT
UP FOR A LITTLE BIT
OF DISCUSSION
AND MY HANDS UP
OK.
>> OH, THERE YOU GO AHEAD.
>> LET HIM GO OFTEN.
YEAH, WE'LL GO WE'LL GO TO
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON AND THEN
YOU LARRY YEAH.
I JUST WANTED TO KIND
OF FOREGROUND WHAT I THOUGHT
WHAT I PERCEIVED TO BE ONE
OF THE CHALLENGES OF THAT ROLE
WHICH IS PRECISELY THE ISSUE
THAT WAS BROUGHT UP IN
EQUITABLE ENGAGEMENT HOW TO
REALLY GET THE WORD OUT BEYOND
ONE'S PERSONAL NETWORKS AND
THAT'S A REALLY TOUGH QUESTION.
I DON'T CERTAINLY HAVE AN
ANSWER TO IT.
I DON'T REALLY EVEN HAVE A GOOD
SENSE OF HOW TO TACKLE IT.
BUT THAT DOES SEEM TO BE ONE
OF THE CHALLENGES.
I DON'T KNOW WHETHER IT WOULD
HELP OR NOT.
I'M CURIOUS WHAT WHAT LARRY
WILL SAY
.
YEAH, GO AHEAD.
DOES THAT MEAN I'M VERY, VERY
GLAD THAT IN THE PAST WHAT WE
WOULD DO FOR RECRUITING IS WE'D
FIND WE WE GO OUT WE'D WE'D
HAVE A COUPLE OF EVENTS TWO WE
HAVE WE WE WE LOOK WE'VE
INTERVIEWED PEOPLE YOU KNOW ONE
OF US TO INTERVIEW PEOPLE AND
WHEN WE HAD A RECRUITING
COMMITTEE OF THREE OR TWO OR
THREE WE WE INTERVIEWED THEM
SOME YOU KNOW, MAYBE GO OUT FOR
COFFEE SOMEWHERE OR SOMETHING
AND INTERVIEW THEM AND JUST GET
THEIR THEIR TAKE ON WHY THEY'D
WANT TO BE WE'D HAVE THEM
ATTEND TO A COMMISSION MEETING
OR TWO AND THEN WE WOULD HAVE
THEM SPEAK KNOW IN A PUBLIC
COMMENT SECTION LIKE WE HAVE
RECENTLY AND THEN WE'D WE'D
VOTE AND THEN SEND IT OUT TO
COUNCIL LIKE WE DID THE LAST
ONE THAT WAS BASIC PROCEDURE.
NOW THE ONLY ONLY THING THAT
WOULD HELP IS IF PEOPLE KNEW IF
I HAD SOMEBODY MAYBE I GOT MORE
THAN ONE PERSON'S OPINION ON,
YOU KNOW, LIKE WE HAD TWO
PEOPLE.
IF I HAD ANOTHER PERSON WE
COULD BOTH TALK TO THE THE
PERSON AT THE SAME TIME OR
SOMETHING AND GET THEIR OPINION
TO BECAUSE OF COURSE MY OPINION
MIGHT SAY GOOD CANDIDATES GOOD
AND YOU MIGHT GO BUT THE
COMMITTEE IS JUST A
CLEARINGHOUSE.
WE'RE KIND OF A GATEWAY INTO
THE COMMISSION AS WELL.
I MEAN WE'VE ALSO INTERVIEWED
SOME PEOPLE THAT WELL QUITE
FRANKLY WOULDN'T BE TO THE
COMMISSION'S BEST INTEREST TO
HAVE ON THEIR AND WE'VE
INTERVIEWED SOME OTHERS THAT
WERE REALLY GOOD.
>> SO THAT WAS THE PROCEDURE.
AND IF IF IF ANYBODY'S GOT HAS
ANY OTHER WAY TO CHANGE THAT
PROCEDURE I MEAN OBVIOUSLY
RIGHT NOW WE'VE CHANGED BY
HAVING A COME UP ON THE RESUME
MEETING.
BUT IF ANYBODY HAS A WAY TO
CHANGE THAT THAT THEY THINK IS
BETTER, I'M MORE THAN OPEN TO I
JUST NEED TO KNOW WHAT I'M
DOING.
COMMISSIONER MOZELIAK HAS THEIR
HAND UP.
OK, I WANT TO PUT MY HAND UP
TOO.
OH, THANK YOU TO COMMISSIONER
MOZART.
>> HI.
SO MY QUESTION IS I THINK IT'S
TIME FOR US TO START THINKING
OUT OF THE BOX WITH REGARDS TO
RECRUITMENT AND WHAT I MEAN BY
THAT IS WE DON'T HAVE A SOCIAL
MEDIA PRESENCE.
WE'RE NOT FACEBOOK, WE'RE NOT
ON TWITTER, INSTAGRAM ANY
OF THOSE AREAS THAT MIGHT GAIN
US A BROADER AUDIENCE.
OUR YOUNGER FOLKS DON'T NETWORK
LIKE WE DID OR WE DO OR WE
THINK ABOUT AND SO THAT IS
SOMETHING ALSO I'M WONDERING
WHY WE DON'T UTILIZE OUR LIKE
OUR LIBRARY OR THE LIBRARY.
ALL THE LIBRARIES HAVE AREAS
WHERE YOU CAN POST INFORMATION.
IT'S USUALLY FOUR FIVE OR ONE C
THREES BUT WE'RE NOT WE'RE NOT
ON MONEY MAKING AGENCY.
I DON'T KNOW WHY WE COULDN'T
GET SOMETHING UP ON THE BOARD
SAYING HEY, WE'RE RECRUITING
BECAUSE WE WE'RE WE'RE MISSING
A WHOLE SWATH OF PEOPLE.
SO I THINK I AS WE MOVE FORWARD
I WOULD VERY MUCH LIKE FOR US
TO THINK ABOUT OUR RECRUITING
PROCESS AND HOW WE CAN CHANGE
IT UP SO THAT WE CAN GET
BETTER.
>> I GET THE WORD OUT THERE
BETTER THAN WE ARE RIGHT
KATHLEEN?
GREAT.
GREAT POINTS, LARRY.
>> GO AHEAD.
SO YOU WOULD BE LIKE IF WE GET
A FACEBOOK PAGE OPEN WE COULD
TALK ABOUT GIVE A WAY TO SHOW
PEOPLE THAT I LOVE THAT THEY
WERE MORE INTERESTED THAT THERE
WAS INTEREST IN HAVING THEM
APPLY.
WE COULD ALSO WE USED TO PUT
STUFF DOWN AT CITY HALL FOR
RECRUITING AT ONE POINT WE HAD
FLIERS DOWN AT THE
ENTRANCE TO
CITY HALL.
BUT I THINK THE THE LIBRARY
THING IS ACTUALLY REALLY GREAT
TOO OR AND EVEN FOR INDEPENDENT
LIVING IF THEY LET US PUT A FEW
PAMPHLETS DOWN THEIR FLIER.
>> YEAH.
I THINK I COULD DO SO MUCH MORE
THAN JUST RECRUITING IF WE HAD
A PAGE EVEN IF THE ONLY THING
THAT WAS ON THERE AT THE
BEGINNING WAS THIS IS NEAT,
THIS IS WHO WE ARE, THIS IS
WHAT WE DO.
ARE YOU INTERESTED YOU KNOW,
YOU COULD START A BROADER
PUBLIC DIALOG, THAT'S ALL.
>> YEAH, I AGREE.
YEAH, I AGREE WITH YOU,
KATHLEEN.
AND YOU KNOW I'VE BROUGHT THAT
UP AT PRIOR MEETINGS.
I BELIEVE IN YOU KNOW I WAS
WONDERING DENNIS I MEAN HAVE WE
TALKED TO THE CITY ABOUT
WHETHER THEY CAN CREATE THOSE
ACCOUNTS FOR US?
I MEAN I CAN REACH OUT AND SET
UP A MEETING IF YOU THREE WOULD
LIKE TO SPEAK TO THE
COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT BASED
ONE RUSH.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
I THINK IT'S WORTH IT AND I
FORGOT OUR OLD OUR OLD ONE AND
IT WASN'T USED FOR MUCH SO WE
HAD ONE AND I FORGOT WHAT IT
WAS AND IT WAS TRYING TO LOOK
FOR IT.
I COULDN'T COULDN'T REMEMBER
EXACTLY WHAT IT WAS BUT WE USED
TO SORT OF HAVE ONE BUT I THINK
WE JUST OPENED UP A NEW ONE
HAWKINS MISSIONER PAST I MEAN
POSTER AND THEN COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS.
YES.
I WAS THINKING THAT WE COULD
ALSO ON AND THE SITE ON
FACEBOOK OR THE COMMUNICATION
THAT WE COULD BRING UP WITH
ISSUES THAT MIGHT BE
CHALLENGING TO PEOPLE THEM
MIGHT HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT
CERTAIN THINGS AND HOW YOU GET
HELP WHATEVER THAT CAN BE IN
THEIR RESOURCES.
YEAH, I COULD SEE DO A LOT
OF STUFF WITH THAT LIKE YOU
KNOW PEOPLE COULD PUT UP THINGS
LIKE HEY WE GOT A WE GOT AN
ISSUE HERE KID.
YOU KNOW YOU GUYS YOU GUYS DO
THIS THAT WOULD BE I COULD DO A
LOT OF COMMUNICATION COMING OUT
OF THERE.
YEAH.
AND THAT WOULD BE I'D BE
WILLING TO HELP LARRY WITH THE
RECRUITING AS FAR AS LOOKING AT
THE APPLICATIONS AND I WAS
HAVING A PROBLEM WITH MY MY MY
MY MY COMPUTER OR WHATEVER YOU
WANT TO CALL THIS MY ZOOM.
SO I FINALLY GOT MY PICTURE UP
THERE.
OK, THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS.
>> HEY.
SO I JUST WANTED TO ADD AS WELL
I THINK IN TERMS OF THE PUBLIC
COMMENT THAT WE GET THERE THE
MOST SERIOUS EXTREME EXAMPLES
AND I THINK THERE'S A LOT
OF THINGS WE'RE PROBABLY JUST
NOT YOU KNOW, PEOPLE MAY NOT
THINK TO REPORT BUT YOU KNOW,
OUR SIGNIFICANT BARRIERS TO
PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY WELL SO
I THINK THERE'S DEFINITELY A
GOOD WAY TO ORGANIZE WHAT THE
OTHER DISABILITY GROUPS IN THE
METRO DETROIT SOUTHEASTERN
MICHIGAN AREA THAT THERE ARE A
NUMBER OF OTHER ORGANIZATIONS
THAT WE CAN HIGHLIGHT THEIR
EVENTS FOR OUR FOR THE ANN
ARBOR PEOPLE TO GO TO AS WELL.
SO I THINK THERE'S A LOT
OF GOOD THINGS THAT COULD COME
FROM THAT GREAT GREAT POINT.
RACHAEL, I AGREE WITH YOU.
I THINK THAT THAT CROSS
CONNECTION IS IS ALSO VERY
IMPORTANT BECAUSE THE
DISABILITY COMMUNITY JUST FROM
MY LIMITED EXPERIENCE REACHES
FAR AND WIDE ACROSS THE STATE.
SO YEAH, WE NEED TO WE NEED TO
UTILIZE THAT AS WELL.
I AGREE ALL GREAT POINTS AND
DEB, THANK YOU FOR FOR BEING
INTERESTED IN, YOU KNOW,
REVIEWING APPLICATIONS AND
THINGS LIKE THAT AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU ANNIE.
ANYTHING ELSE ON SORT OF YOU
THE RECRUITING PROCEDURES?
I MEAN SHOULD WE AGAIN SHOULD
WE CREATE SUBCOMMITTEE JUST
LIKE PARTNERS AND ACCESS OR
TRANSPORTATION?
>> YOU KNOW, I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
SHOULD WE CREATE ANOTHER
COMMITTEE FOR THIS SO THAT
THOSE CAN CAN CAN MEET AND DO
THAT OR RIGHT NOW SHOULD WE
JUST, YOU KNOW, INCORPORATE
THOSE WHO WANT TO HELP OUT AND
AND CONNECT THEM WITH LARRY?
WELL, IT KIND OF IS A COMMITTEE
AT THE MOMENT.
WELL, IT'S AN ACTIVITY BUT IT'S
KIND OF A COMMITTEE JUST NEEDS
MORE PEOPLE AND IF ANYONE WANTS
TO BE PART OF IT, THEY CAN BE
PART OF IT IS THAT TO RUN THIS
THING AND THEY CAN DO IF THEY
WANT BUT THAT'S TO GET A COUPLE
OF GET ANOTHER PERSON OR TWO
BECAUSE WE CAN AND WE COULD
GIVE A MORE COMPREHENSIVE
REPORT TO WHAT LARRY WHAT DO
YOU THINK THIS WOULD BE BECAUSE
I KNOW RIGHT NOW WE'RE DOING
OUR COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AND
OUR PARTNERS AND ACCESS
TOGETHER.
>> YOU FEEL LIKE THIS IS
SOMETHING THAT WE NEED ANOTHER
COMMITTEE FOR IF WE MERGE IT
INTO LIKE OUR PURVIEW OF WHAT
WE'RE ALREADY MANAGING BECAUSE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AND IT IS
RELATED TO ACCESSIBILITY, I
SUPPOSE WE COULD PUT IT INTO IF
THAT'S ACCESS COMMITTEE BUT WE
WE WOULD BE IN A WAY SEPARATE
DIFFERENT FROM THAT BUT WE
COULD PROBABLY PUT IT ON THE IN
THE SAME MEETING SINCE BEING
SHORT.
YEAH.
AND YOU KNOW, IF YOU GUYS IF
ANY OF YOU GUYS WANTED TO HELP
IN THAT, THAT'S FINE.
AND IF AS COMMISSIONER POSTER
FOR EXAMPLE WANTED TO ATTEND
THAT MEETING SO THAT WE COULD
JUST DO THAT IS BECAUSE WE
HAVEN'T HAD A LOT OF BUSINESS
THERE ANYWAY.
SO YEAH, THAT'S USED THAT IN
THERE AND I'D STILL GIVE THE
REPORT FOR THAT AND WE COULD
JUST USE THAT IN THERE AND USE
THAT TIME PERIOD FOR THAT ONE
TO YOU AND ALEX AGREE.
>> YEAH AND THAT'S THE SECOND
WEDNESDAY AT FIVE PM AND DENISE
ALWAYS SENDS US OUT AS WELL TO
THAT'S GOOD.
>> THAT SEEMS PRACTICAL.
THAT SEEMS PRACTICAL ME YOU
GUYS.
BUT YOU KNOW LET ME KNOW YOU
KNOW LET ME KNOW IF THERE'S I
GUESS ANY NAYSAYERS ON THAT.
BUT THAT SEEMS PRACTICAL TO ME.
>> THE ESPECIALLY SINCE THERE'S
SO MUCH OVERLAP JUST IN BETWEEN
THE TWO COMMITTEES IT REALLY
MAKES SENSE TO PUT IT ALL
TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW, AS SUBSETS OF THE
SAME SAME COMMITTEE.
YEAH, I AGREE THERE IS A THERE
IS THE QUESTION I HAVE AND IT'S
FOR PRETTY TO THINK ABOUT IS
THE PROCEDURAL LINE I'M
FOLLOWING THE PROPER PRETTY
MUCH THE PROPER THING TO DO AT
THE MOMENT IS TO GET A HOLD
OF THE CANDIDATE THEN TALK TO
THE CANDIDATE, INVITE THE
CANDIDATE TO A A MEETING OR TWO
IF THEY WANT AND ALSO TO
IDENTIFY THEMSELVES AND PUBLIC
COMMENT THEN VOTE ON SENDING IT
TO THE MAYOR'S OFFICE.
THEREFORE THE CITY COUNCIL
SHOULD CONTINUE TO FOLLOW THAT
OR DO YOU WANT ME TO DO
SOMETHING DIFFERENT?
YOU KNOW, THAT'S IF YOU DO LET
ME KNOW IF IT'S LIKE I SAID, I
JUST NEED TO KNOW WHAT I'M
DOING FOR SURE BECAUSE IN THE
PAST TWO YEARS IT'S BEEN A
LITTLE DIFFERENT.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> I MEAN I THINK IT'S A MATTER
OF FOLLOWING THE PROCESSES BUT
JUST INCLUDING THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT COMMITTEE IN THOSE
PROCESSES.
SO YOU KNOW, FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN
WE RECEIVE AN APPLICATION
MYSELF YOU LARRY DEB AND THEN
THOSE COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT AND
THEN MY HOPE IS IS THAT AT THAT
PARTICULAR MEETING FOR
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT THEN THAT
CAN BE AN AGENDA ITEM FOR YOU
GUYS AND IN ALL INVOLVED TO
REVIEW THE APPLICATION AND IN
THEN GO ABOUT SETTING UP A TIME
TO JUST EITHER CALL AND OR
INTERVIEW THAT APPLICANT SO
THAT GOING FORWARD THAT
APPLICANT CAN THEN BE BROUGHT
TO THE FORE.
NOW OF COURSE THIS IS JUST MY
INTERPRETATION BUT WHAT ARE
YOUR FEELINGS ON THAT?
WELL, I THINK I THINK THAT
WOULD BE WHAT I'D LIKE TO DO IS
BE ABLE TO LOOK AT THE
APPLICATION, CONTACT THE PERSON
,THE APPLICANT AND THEN BRING
THE APPLICANT UP AT THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS MEETING AND
THEN DISCUSS AND IF ANYBODY
ELSE WANTS TO REACH OUT FROM
PARTNERS AND ACCESS, WE CAN DO
THAT AND THEN HAVE A I HAVE HIM
OR HER PRESENT COMMISSION
DENISE WHICH WOULD BE I WOULD
YOU LIKE ME TO OUTLINE THE
PROCESSES THAT YOU ARE DOING
NOW AND THEN HAVE THOSE READY
TO REVIEW FOR THE NEXT BIG
MEETING AND THEN YOU CAN
DISCUSS BACK TO THE FULL
COMMISSION IN APRIL'S MEETING
FOR ED?
YEAH, LET'S DO THAT.
I WOULD AGREE WITH THAT.
>> WHAT ABOUT WHAT ABOUT THE
REST OF THE COMMISSION?
I THINK IT SOUNDS GREAT DENISE
OK.
YES, THIS IS ZACH.
YOU KNOW I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH
THAT DENISE.
I THINK YOU KNOW, THAT'S IT
ELIMINATES CONFUSION.
IT'S TRANSPARENT AND YOU KNOW
IT IT GIVES
GIVES US ALL A
LITTLE BIT MORE HELP TO DEAL
WITH THE APPLICATIONS I HAVE
WORKED WITH WITH WHAT KATHLEEN
MENTIONED ABOUT SOCIAL MEDIA.
THE ONLY REASON YOU GUYS I'M
PUSHING TO TALK WITH THE CITY
ABOUT SETTING THOSE UP AND JUST
SEE, YOU KNOW, THE ONLY REASON
I HAVEN'T SET THESE SOCIAL
MEDIA ACCOUNTS UP YEARS AGO FOR
THE COMMISSION AS I WANTED TO
WAS BECAUSE I WANTED THE CITY
TO HAVE A LOGIN INFORMATION.
I DIDN'T WANT IT TO HAVE TO BE
A VERY CONFUSING THING WHERE
INDEPENDENTLY THEY'RE SET UP
AND THEN THE NEXT THING YOU
KNOW, YOU KNOW OUR TERMS AND
AND WE LEAVE AND THEN NO ONE
HAS THOSE LOGIN INFORMATION AT
THE CITY SETS THEM UP.
THEY KEEP TRACK OF THAT LOGIN
INFORMATION IS IS MY
ASSUMPTION.
SO YOU KNOW, I WANTED THE CITY
TO BE ABLE TO HAVE I GUESS
ADMINISTRATION OVER THOSE SO
THAT IF WE NEEDED SOMETHING
THEY COULD POST IT AND THEY
COULD ALSO KIND OF MANAGE WHAT
IS WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THOSE
SO HOPEFULLY THAT'S SOMETHING I
THINK THAT'S HOPEFULLY
SOMETHING THAT'S SOMETHING
COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE OPEN TO.
GO AHEAD, CLAIRE.
>> I THINK THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED
IN THE LAST ONE.
I THINK THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED TO
OUR LAST ONE IS AH IS THAT
WEBSITE WAS MANAGED BY ONE
OF THE FORMER COMMISSIONERS AND
THAT COMMISSIONER LEFT AND
THAT'S WHERE THE LOGIN
INFORMATION AND EVERYTHING ELSE
WENT RIGHT.
AND THAT'S WHAT I'M TRYING TO
ELIMINATE IS WHERE I'M GOING TO
BE.
YEAH.
IS THAT EVEN YOU KNOW,
COMMISSIONERS CHANGE OR THINGS
YOU YEARS FROM NOW THAT THESE
THAT THESE SOCIAL MEDIA
ACCOUNTS REMAIN ACTIVE, THAT
THE EVENTS THAT WE ARE A PART
OF SUCH AS VISIONS THAT THE
PHOTOS GET POSTED, THAT THE
LIBRARY IS ALSO INVOLVED WITH
THAT THAT THEY CAN ALSO GET
PROMOTED AND THE CITY CAN
ASSIST.
AND OF COURSE I JUST WANT
EVERYONE TO KNOW THAT I AM NOT
SPEAKING FOR ANYONE.
IT'S ALL SUGGESTIVE BUT I HOPE
THE CITY WOULD BE OPEN TO
ASSISTING WITH THAT BECAUSE IT
ALSO HELPS THE CITY AS WELL.
SO HOPEFULLY WE CAN TALK TO
LISA WAYNE DRASH WHO ALREADY
DOES A LOT OF GREAT THINGS FOR
COMMUNICATIONS IN THE CITY.
HOPEFULLY SHE WOULD BE OPEN TO
THAT FOR US IN TERMS OF AT
LEAST THE FACEBOOK TWITTER AND
INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT
.
OK, WELL I THINK WE'VE
COVERED THE FORMALIZING OF THE
RECRUITING PROCEDURE.
I JUST WANTED TO KNOW IF
THERE'S ANY NEW BUSINESS AT
THIS TIME.
OK, I.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNICATIONS OR
ANNOUNCEMENTS AT THIS TIME FROM
THE COMMISSION CHAIR?
I WILL GO TO DENISE FIRST AND
THEN WE'LL GO TO YOU.
>> OK OK.
I SENT THE COMMISSION A COPY
FEBRUARIES MINUTES SO IF YOU
WOULD LIKE TO APPROACH THEM
BEFORE YOU WOULD DURING THE
MEETING OK IS EVERYONE OK WITH
THAT?
IF WE TAKE A LOOK AT FEBRUARY'S
MEETING MINUTES TO APPROVE THEM
OR WOULD YOU LIKE TO KEEP THEM
TABLED AND WE CAN APPROVE THEM
?
OK, I'M TAKING A LOOK.
I'M TELLING DENISE FOR DOING
THAT.
>> I'M SORRY FOR THE
INCONVENIENCE.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M LOOKING
I DO NOT SEE
ANYTHING AT THE MOMENT THAT
NEEDS ANY CORRECTION.
IS THERE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE FEBRUARY MEETING?
>> I APPROVED A MOVE TO APPROVE
THEM.
ALL RIGHT.
LARRY MOVES TO APPROVE AND I
SAID TO THANK YOU THANK YOU ALL
IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
FEBRUARY'S MEETING MINUTES IF
YOU HAVE NOT VIEWED THEM OR ARE
FINE AND WANT TO UNMUTED,
PLEASE SAY I THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
SO THOSE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED.
WONDERFUL.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL WITH THAT FOLKS UP THE
ANNOUNCEMENT OH, I WAS GOING TO
LOSE ONE.
>> YEAH, I'M SORRY.
VICE CHAIRMAN.
GO AHEAD.
YOU HAVEN'T ANNOUNCED I
APOLOGIZE.
>> THE ANNOUNCEMENT WAS WE
DISCUSSED THE NEW BUSINESS THIS
MONTH.
I I KNOW THE MEETING WAS PRETTY
QUICK BUT WE COULD DO IT NEXT
MONTH.
OUR NEW BUSINESS DIVISIONS AND
WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO FOR
VISION'S YEAH.
>> SO THAT COULD BE OUR NEXT
NEXT AND NEXT MONTH'S AGENDA.
>> WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO FOR
THAT IS COMING UP JUNE SEVEN
FROM 11 TO FOREHEAD'S AS KATIE
MENTIONED AND WE WANT TO HAVE A
PRESENCE THERE SO THAT I THINK
YEAH.
>> GREAT POINT VICE CHAIRMAN.
GO AHEAD, LARRY.
I THINK THAT'S FOR NEXT MONTH
AND SAID ALREADY RANG SIX.
>> YEAH, I AGREE.
DENISE, IF WE COULD PUT VISIONS
ON THE AGENDA FOR NEXT MONTH, I
WOULD LOVE TO DISCUSS THAT WITH
THE FULL COMMISSION BE THE TO
KIND OF SEE WHAT EACH
COMMISSIONER IS COMFORTABLE
WITH IN TERMS OF ATTENDING AND
VOLUNTEERING AT THE TABLE.
I CAN TELL YOU GUYS I WILL BE
THERE UNTIL TWO O'CLOCK.
I CANNOT BE THERE UNTIL FOUR
BUT I WILL BE THERE FOR AS
LONG.
>> I WILL BE THERE FROM NEW
UNTIL ABOUT FOUR.
SO OK, WE GOT AT LEAST TWO
OF US I'LL BE THERE FROM NOON
TO ABOUT FOUR BUT WE COULD USE
THE EXTRA BODIES OUT.
>> OH ABSOLUTELY.
I'M GOING TO TRY TO I HAVE AN
APPOINTMENT BUT I'M WONDERING
IF I COULD DO IT IN THE MORNING
POSSIBLY WE COULD SET UP YEAH.
I'M SUPPOSED TO BE YEAH.
>> SO I'M GOING TO CHECK INTO
THAT AND SEE OR I MIGHT JUST
CHANGE MY APPOINTMENT AND THAT
WAY I CAN BE A PART OF IT SO
I'LL HAVE TO SEE WELL WE'RE
BOTH GOING TO BE A PART OF IT
BUT OF COURSE IF THE
APPOINTMENT IS SUPER IMPORTANT
YOU KNOW THEY'RE YEAH THEY'RE
GOING TO BE PUTTING ME IN REHAB
FOR A DAY OR TWO, OK?
AND IT'S THAT DAY SO I DON'T
KNOW IF I CAN DO IT IN THE
MORNING AND THEN GO THIS THING
OR WHAT.
SO I HAD TO FIND OUT WHAT WHAT
I CAN DO BEFORE I CAN MAKE A
COMMITMENT.
OK, WE'LL KEEP ASKING TO DO
WHATEVER YOU CAN.
YEAH, I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE
THERE IN THE MORNING AT LEAST.
>> ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL KEEP US POSTED AND THIS
IS AT THE LIBRARY, RIGHT?
>> THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY
DOWNTOWN DOING OK WITH THAT
FOLKS?
IT IS MY BAG.
OK, GO AHEAD LARRY.
I SAID OH HI DOUG.
>> I KNOW THAT THEY GOT WHAT
THEY GOT.
THEY WITH THE LAST TWO YEARS
OF ED RAY'S RED HOT CHOCOLATE
SO YOU CAN BUY THEM FOR LUNCH
BUT ALL RIGHT FOLKS.
>> ABSOLUTELY DEFINITELY LIKE A
CHICKEN WITH MY HEAD CUT OFF
THAT BILL.
>> SO IT LOOKS JUST BUT WE'LL
SEE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
FOLKS.
BUT WITH THAT IT IS THE TOP
OF THE HOUR AT THIS TIME IT'S
SIX O'CLOCK.
SO I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE FOR
JOINING FOR TODAY'S MEETING FOR
THE NARBERTH COMMISSION ON
DISABILITY ISSUES.
I WANT TO THANK THE CITY OF ANN
ARBOR.
I WANT TO THANK THE COMMUNITY
TELEVISION NETWORK.
I WANT TO THANK ALL OF OUR
COMMISSIONERS AND ALL OF THE
COMMUNITY FOR HELPING TO MAKE
THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR INCLUSIVE
AND EQUITABLE FOR ALL.
I REALLY APPRECIATE EVERYONE'S
EFFORTS.
I DEFINITELY APPRECIATE
EVERYONE'S TIME AND I LOOK
FORWARD TO SEEING YOU NEXT
MONTH.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH EVERYONE
.
TONIGHT EVERYONE AND THE THANKS
TO A GOOD NIGHT